-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 Vz9pac/e4Uq8lfE9YSQ9lHqiSt/gEnEZroMu/MMtGmH0Xmf1AWE+OtJ4vTBRB746
 xwBndsZGicN+/EuzypHVDg==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000921929-03-000018.txt : 20030630
<SEC-HEADER>0000921929-03-000018.hdr.sgml : 20030630
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20030630132542
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000921929-03-000018
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20030331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20030630

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FRONTIER AIRLINES INC /CO/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000921929
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIR TRANSPORTATION, SCHEDULED [4512]
		IRS NUMBER:				841256945
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12805
		FILM NUMBER:		03763470

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7001 TOWER ROAD
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80249
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7203744200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7001 TOWER ROAD
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80249
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>f910kfye03.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FYE 2003 10K
<TEXT>
<html>
<head>
<title>Frontier Airlines, Inc 10-K</title>
</head>
<body>
<PRE>
                                               <b>FORM 10-K</b>

                                     SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                                           Washington, D.C.  20549

[X]      ANNUAL REPORT  PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE  SECURITIES  EXCHANGE ACT
         OF 1934
         For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2003

[   ]    TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES  EXCHANGE ACT OF
         1934

Commission file number:  0-24126

                                         <b><u>FRONTIER AIRLINES, INC.</u></b>
                           (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                     <u>Colorado</u>                                                   <u>84-1256945</u>
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporated or organization)      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

               <u>7001 Tower Road, Denver, CO</u>                                       <u>80249</u>
         (Address of principal executive offices)                              (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number including area code:  (720) 374-4200

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  None

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                                        <u>Common Stock, No Par Value</u>
                                              Title of Class

Indicate by check mark  whether  the  Registrant  (1) filed all  reports  required to be
filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Exchange  Act  during the  preceding  12 months (or
for such shorter  period that the  registrant  was required to file such  reports),  and
(2) has  been  subject  to  such  filing  requirements  for the  past 90  days.  Yes  <u>X</u>
No __

Indicate  by check mark if  disclosure  of  delinquent  filers  pursuant  to Item 405 of
Regulation  S-K is not  contained  herein,  and  will not be  contained,  to the best of
registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information statements  incorporated by
reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.

Indicate by checkmark  whether the  registrant  is an  accelerated  filer (as defined in
Exchange Act Rule 12b-2). Yes  <u>X</u>   No __

The  aggregate  market  value of common  stock  held by  non-affiliates  of the  Company
computed by  reference  to the last  quoted  price at which such stock sold on such date
as reported by the Nasdaq National Market as of June 30, 2002 was $240,376,304.

The number of shares of the Company's  common stock  outstanding  as of June 23, 2003 is
30,022,018.

Documents  incorporated by reference - Certain  information  required by Part II and III
is incorporated by reference to the Company's 2003 Proxy Statement.


<PAGE>



                                             <u>TABLE OF CONTENTS</u>


                                                                                      Page

PART I

         Item 1:      Business..........................................................3
         Item 2:      Properties ......................................................16
         Item 3:      Legal Proceedings................................................17
         Item 4:      Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders..............17

PART II

         Item 5:      Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters.........17
         Item 6:      Selected Financial Data..........................................19
         Item 7:      Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
                      Results of Operations............................................21
         Item 7A:     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.......39
         Item 8:      Financial Statements.............................................40
         Item 9:      Changes in and  Disagreements  with Accountants on Accounting
                      and Financial Disclosure.........................................40

PART III

         Item 10:     Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant...............40
         Item 11:     Executive Compensation...........................................40
         Item 12:     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management...40
         Item 13:     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions...................41
         Item 14:     Controls and Procedures..........................................41
         Item 15      Principal Accountant Fees and Services...........................41

PART IV

         Item 16(a):  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K..41




<PAGE>




                                         <b>PART I</b>

<i>This report  contains  forward-looking  statements  within the meaning of Section 21E of
the  Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934 that  describe  the  business  and  prospects  of
Frontier  Airlines,  Inc.  ("Frontier"  or the "Company")  and the  expectations  of our
Company and  management.  All  statements,  other than  statements of historical  facts,
included  in this  report  that  address  activities,  events  or  developments  that we
expect,   believe,   intend  or  anticipate  will  or  may  occur  in  the  future,  are
forward-looking   statements.   When  used  in  this  document,  the  words  "estimate,"
"anticipate,"   "project"   and   similar   expressions   are   intended   to   identify
forward-looking  statements.  Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks
and  uncertainties,  many of which cannot be predicted  with  accuracy and some of which
might not even be  anticipated.  These  risks  and  uncertainties  include,  but are not
limited to: the timing of, and expense  associated  with,  expansion and modification of
our  operations in accordance  with our business  strategy or in response to competitive
pressures or other factors;  general  economic  factors and behavior of the  fare-paying
public and its potential impact on our liquidity;  terrorist  attacks or other incidents
that could  cause the public to question  the safety  and/or  efficiency  of air travel;
operational  disruptions,  including  weather;  industry  consolidation;  the  impact of
labor disputes;  enhanced  security  requirements;  changes in the  government's  policy
regarding  relief or assistance to the airline  industry;  the economic  environment  of
the  airline  industry  generally;  increased  federal  scrutiny  of  low-fare  carriers
generally  that may  increase our  operating  costs or  otherwise  adversely  affect us;
actions of  competing  airlines,  such as  increasing  capacity  and pricing  actions of
United  Airlines and other  competitor and other actions taken by United Airlines either
in or out of bankruptcy  protection;  the availability of suitable  aircraft,  which may
inhibit  our  ability  to  achieve  operating   economies  and  implement  our  business
strategy;  the  unavailability  of,  or  inability  to  secure  upon  acceptable  terms,
financing  necessary to purchase aircraft which we have ordered;  issues relating to our
transition to an Airbus aircraft fleet;  uncertainties  regarding  aviation fuel prices;
and  uncertainties as to when and how fully consumer  confidence in the airline industry
will be  restored,  if ever.  Because our  business,  like that of the airline  industry
generally,   is  characterized   by  high  fixed  costs  relative  to  revenues,   small
fluctuations  in  our  yield  per  RPM or  expense  per  ASM  can  significantly  affect
operating results</i>


<b>Item 1:  Business

General</b>

       We are a  scheduled  passenger  airline  based in  Denver,  Colorado.  We are the
second  largest jet  service  carrier at Denver  International  Airport  ("DIA").  As of
June 23, 2003, we, in conjunction  with Frontier  JetExpress  operated by Mesa Air Group
("Mesa"),  operate routes linking our Denver hub to 38 cities in 22 states  spanning the
nation  from coast to coast and to two cities in Mexico.  We are a low cost,  affordable
fare airline  operating  in a hub and spoke  fashion  connecting  points coast to coast.
We were  organized  in February  1994 and we began flight  operations  in July 1994 with
two leased  Boeing  737-200  jets.  We have since  expanded  our fleet to 28 leased jets
and nine owned Airbus  aircraft;  including  three  Boeing  737-200s,  16 larger  Boeing
737-300s,  and 18  Airbus  A319s.  In May  2001,  we began a fleet  replacement  plan to
replace  our Boeing  aircraft  with new  purchased  and leased  Airbus jet  aircraft,  a
transition  we expect to complete  by  approximately  of the end of calendar  year 2005.
During the years  ended  March 31,  2003 and 2002,  we  increased  capacity by 30.9% and
7.8%,  respectively.  During  the  year  ended  March  31,  2002,  as a  result  of  the
September  11  terrorist  attacks,  we reduced  our  planned  increase  in  capacity  of
approximately 20% as a result of decreased air travel demand.

       We currently use up to 16 gates at DIA, where we operate  approximately 168 daily
system flight  departures  and arrivals and 30 Frontier  JetExpress  daily system flight
departures  and  arrivals.  Prior  to the  September  11,  2001  terrorist  attacks,  we
operated  approximately 126 daily system flight  departures and arrivals.  Following the
terrorist  attacks,  we reduced our service to  approximately  103 daily  system  flight
departures  and  arrivals.  The reduced  service  was  entirely  reinstated  by February
2002. Since that time, we have  re-established  our long-term  business plan of moderate
capacity  increases  by  taking  delivery  of new  Airbus  A319  aircraft.  We intend to
continue  to monitor  passenger  demand  and other  competitive  factors  and adjust the
number of flights we operate  to the extent  possible.  During the year ended  March 31,
2003,  we added  service to  Indianapolis,  Indiana on May 23,  2002;  Boise,  Idaho and
Tampa,  Florida on June 24, 2002; Wichita,  Kansas (operated by Frontier  JetExpress) on
September  18,  2002;  Tucson,  Arizona,  Oakland,   California  (operated  by  Frontier
JetExpress),  San Jose, California,  Fort Myers, Florida and Oklahoma City, Oklahoma and
Cancun and  Mazatlan,  Mexico on  December  20 and 21,  2002,  respectively.  During the
year ended  March 31,  2003,  we  terminated  service to Boston,  Massachusetts  and St.
Louis,  Missouri  (operated by Frontier  JetExpress)  on October 22, 2002.  We intend to
begin service to Orange County,  California and Milwaukee,  Wisconsin on August 31, 2003
with two and three round-trips, respectively.

       In October  2002 we signed a  purchase  and  long-term  services  agreement  with
LiveTV  to bring  DIRECTV  AIRBORNE(TM)satellite  programming  to every  seatback  in our
Airbus fleet.  In February 2003, we completed the  installation  of the LiveTV system on
all  Airbus  aircraft.   The  installed  systems  became  operational  upon  receipt  of
regulatory  approval in  December  2002.  We have  implemented  a $5 per  segment  usage
charge for access to the system to offset  the usage  costs for the  system.  We believe
the  DIRECTV(TM)product  represents a  significant  value to our  customers  and offers a
competitive advantage for our company.

       In September  2001, we entered into a codeshare  agreement  with Mesa.  Under the
terms of the  agreement,  we will market and sell  flights  operated by Mesa as Frontier
JetExpress.  This  codeshare  began  February 17, 2002 with service  between  Denver and
San Jose,  California,  and with  supplemental  flights to our current  service  between
Denver and Houston,  Texas.  Effective  May 4, 2003,  Frontier Jet Express  replaced our
mainline  service to Tucson,  Arizona,  Oklahoma  City,  Oklahoma  and Boise,  Idaho and
terminated  service to  Oakland,  California.  Frontier  JetExpress  currently  provides
service to San Diego,  San Jose,  and Ontario,  California,  and  Wichita,  Kansas using
five  50-passenger  Bombardier  CRJ-200  regional jets. In February 2003, we amended our
codeshare  agreement with Mesa from a  prorate-based  compensation  method to a "revenue
guarantee"  compensation  method  effective  March 1, 2003 through August 31, 2003. This
arrangement  will  allow us to have  more  control  over  scheduling,  pricing  and seat
inventory.  We are in on-going  negotiations  with Mesa and other  regional jet carriers
regarding codeshare arrangements beyond August 31, 2003.

       Effective  July 9,  2001,  we  began  a  codeshare  agreement  with  Great  Lakes
Aviation,  Ltd.  ("Great Lakes") by which Great Lakes  initially  provided daily service
to  seven  regional  markets  from  our  Denver  hub.  We have  expanded  the  codeshare
agreement,  which presently includes Page and Phoenix,  Arizona; Alamosa, Cortez, Pueblo
and  Telluride,   Colorado;   Dodge  City,  Garden  City,  Hays,  and  Liberal,  Kansas;
Farmington and Santa Fe, New Mexico;  Alliance,  Chadron, Grand Island, Kearney, McCook,
Norfolk,  North  Platte,  and  Scottsbluff,  Nebraska;  Dickinson and  Williston,  North
Dakota;  Amarillo,  Texas;  Pierre,  South Dakota;  Moab and Vernal,  Utah;  and Casper,
Cody,  Gillette,  Cheyenne,  Laramie,  Riverton,  Rock Springs,  Sheridan,  and Worland,
Wyoming.

       Our President and Chief Operating  Officer,  Jeff Potter,  assumed the additional
title and  responsibilities  of Chief  Executive  Officer  on April 1,  2002,  replacing
Chairman and former Chief  Executive  Officer Sam Addoms who retired as Chief  Executive
Officer but remains as Chairman of our Board of Directors.

       Our filings with the Securities and Exchange  Commission are available at no cost
on our website,  www.frontierairlines.com,  in the Investor  Relations  folder contained
in the section  titled  "About  Frontier".  These  reports  include our annual report on
Form 10-K, our quarterly  reports on Form 10-Q,  current reports on Form 8-K, Section 16
reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5, and any  related  amendments  or other  documents,  and are
made  available as soon as reasonably  practicable  after we file the materials with the
SEC.

       Our  corporate  headquarters  are  located at 7001 Tower Road,  Denver,  Colorado
80249.   Our   administrative   office   telephone   number  is  720-374-4200   and  our
reservations telephone number is 800-432-1359.

<b>Business Strategy and Markets</b>

     Our business  strategy is to provide air service at affordable fares to high volume
markets from our Denver hub.  Our strategy is based on the following factors:

     o   Stimulate  demand by offering a combination of low fares,  quality  service and
         frequent flyer credits in our frequent flyer program, EarlyReturns.
     o   Expand our Denver  hub  operation  and  increase  connecting  traffic by adding
         additional  high volume markets to our current route system and by code sharing
         agreements  with two commuter  carriers and possible new  alliances  with other
         carriers.
     o   Continue filling gaps in flight  frequencies to current markets from our Denver
         hub.

<b>Route System Strategy</b>

         Our  route  system  strategy  encompasses  connecting  our  Denver  hub  to top
business  and leisure  destinations.  We currently  serve 18 of the top 25  destinations
from  Denver,  as  defined  by  the  U.S.  Department  of  Transportation's  Origin  and
Destination  Market  Survey.  In  addition,  as we bring  additional  aircraft  into our
fleet  and add new  markets  to our route  system,  connection  opportunities  increase.
Connection  opportunities  for our passengers  connecting  through DIA increased from an
average  of 8.9  flights  as of March 31,  2002 to 11.5  flights  as of March 31,  2003,
which includes connecting passengers from our commuter affiliate, Frontier JetExpress.

<b>Marketing and Sales</b>

         Our sales  efforts  are  targeted  to  price-sensitive  passengers  in both the
leisure and  corporate  travel  markets.  In the  leisure  market,  we offer  discounted
fares marketed through the Internet,  newspaper,  radio and television advertising along
with  special   promotions.   We  market  these  activities  in  Denver  and  in  cities
throughout our route system.

         In order to increase  connecting  traffic,  we began two code share agreements,
one with  Great  Lakes in July 2001 and the  other  with Mesa Air  Group,  operating  as
Frontier  JetExpress,  in February 2002. We have also  negotiated  interline  agreements
with  approximately 130 domestic and international  airlines serving cities on our route
system.  Generally,  these  agreements  include joint ticketing and baggage services and
other conveniences designed to expedite the connecting process.

         To balance the seasonal  demand  changes that occur in the leisure  market,  we
have  introduced  programs  over the past  several  years that are designed to capture a
larger share of the corporate  market,  which tends to be less seasonal than the leisure
market.   These  programs  include  negotiated  fares  for  large  companies  that  sign
contracts  committing to a specified  volume of travel,  future travel credits for small
and medium size  businesses  contracting  with us, and special  discounts for members of
various  trade  and  nonprofit  associations.  As  of  June  23,  2003,  we  had  signed
contracts  with over 11,600  companies.  We estimate that business  customers  represent
approximately 60% of our passengers.

         We also pursue sales  opportunities  with meeting and convention  arrangers and
government  travel  offices.  The primary tools we use to attract this business  include
personal sales calls,  direct mail and telemarketing.  In addition,  we offer air/ground
vacation  packages  to many  destinations  on our  route  system  under  contracts  with
various tour operators.

         Our  relationship  with travel  agencies is important to us and other airlines.
In  March  2002,  several  of  the  major  airlines   eliminated  travel  agency  "base"
commissions  but  continued to pay  individually  negotiated  incentive  commissions  to
select  agents.   Effective  June  1,  2002,  we  also  eliminated  travel  agency  base
commissions.   We  have  implemented  marketing  strategies  designed  to  maintain  and
encourage   relationships   with  travel  agencies   throughout  our  route  system.  We
communicate with travel agents through  personal visits by Company  executives and sales
managers,  sales  literature  mailings,  trade shows,  telemarketing  and advertising in
various travel agent trade publications.

         We participate in the four major  computer  reservation  systems used by travel
agents  to  make  airline  reservations:  Amadeus,  Galileo,  Worldspan  and  Sabre.  We
maintain  reservation centers in Denver,  Colorado and Las Cruces, New Mexico,  operated
by our employees.

         In April 1999,  we began  offering  "Spirit of the Web" fares via our Web site,
which  permits  customers to make "close in" bookings  beginning on  Wednesdays  for the
following  weekend.  This is intended to fill seats that might otherwise  remain unused.
As a percentage of total flown revenue,  the percentage of flown revenue  generated from
our own Web site  (www.frontierairlines.com)  increased  from 23%  during  March 2002 to
31% during March 2003.

<b>Customer Loyalty Programs</b>

        Effective  February 1, 2001, we commenced  EarlyReturns,  our own frequent flyer
program.  As of March 31, 2003, there are approximately  533,000  EarlyReturns  members.
We believe that our frequent  flyer program  offers some of the most  generous  benefits
in the  industry,  including  a free round trip after  accumulating  only  15,000  miles
(25,000  miles to our  destinations  in Mexico).  There are no blackout  dates for award
travel.  Additionally,  members  who earn 25,000 or more  annual  credited  EarlyReturns
flight miles attain  Summit Level  status,  which  includes a 25% mileage  bonus on each
paid Frontier flight,  priority check-in and boarding,  complimentary on-board alcoholic
beverages,   extra  allowance  on  checked  baggage  and  priority   baggage   handling,
guaranteed  reservations on any Frontier  flight when  purchasing an unrestricted  coach
class  ticket  at least 72 hours  prior to  departure,  standby  at no  charge on return
flights  the day  before,  the day of,  and the day after,  and  access to an  exclusive
Summit customer  service  toll-free  phone number.  Members earn one mile for every mile
flown on Frontier  plus  additional  mileage  with  program  partners,  which  presently
include Midwest Airlines,  Virgin Atlantic Airways,  Alamo, Hertz,  National and Payless
Car Rentals,  Kimpton  Boutique  Hotels,  Inverness  Hotel &amp; Golf Resort,  Peaks at Vail
Resorts,  The Flower Club and Citicorp Diners Club, Inc.  Effective  September 2002, our
reciprocal  frequent flyer agreement with  Continental  Airlines ended. To apply for the
EarlyReturns  program,  customers  may visit  our Web site at  www.frontierairlines.com,
obtain  an  EarlyReturns  enrollment  form at any of our  airport  counters  or call our
EarlyReturns  Service Center toll-free  hotline at 866-26-EARLY,  or our reservations at
800-4321-FLY.

       In   March   2003   we   entered   into   an   agreement    with   Juniper   Bank
(www.juniperbank.com),  a full-service credit card issuer, to exclusively offer Frontier
MasterCard products to consumers,  customers and Frontier's  EarlyReturns frequent flyer
members.  We believe that the  Frontier/Juniper  Bank  co-branded  MasterCard will offer
one of the most  aggressive  affinity  card  programs  because free travel can be earned
for as little as 15,000 miles.

<b>Product Pricing</b>

         On February 6, 2003, we unveiled a new,  simplified  pricing  structure for all
domestic local and connecting  fares.  As part of the new structure,  our  highest-level
business  fares were  reduced by 25 to 45  percent,  and our  lowest  available  walk-up
fares were reduced by 38 to 77 percent.  The new fare  structure,  which is comprised of
six  fare  categories,  caps  all  fares to and  from  Denver  at $399 or $499  one-way,
excluding  passenger  facility,  security or segment fees,  depending on length of haul.
Unlike other  airlines,  these fares can be booked each way,  allowing  customers to get
the best price on both the  inbound  and  outbound  portion of their  itinerary  with no
round-trip  purchase  required.  Our new fare  structure  removes the  advance  purchase
requirements  of past  pricing  structures,  and there are no Saturday  night  stayovers
required.

<b>Competition</b>

       The  Airline  Deregulation  Act of 1978  produced  a highly  competitive  airline
industry,  freed of  certain  government  regulations  that  for 40  years  prior to the
Deregulation  Act had  dictated  where  domestic  airlines  could  fly and how much they
could  charge  for their  services.  Since  then,  we and other  smaller  carriers  have
entered   markets  long  dominated  by  larger  airlines  with   substantially   greater
resources,  such as United Airlines,  American  Airlines,  Northwest  Airlines and Delta
Air Lines.

       We  compete  principally  with  United  Airlines,  the  dominant  carrier at DIA.
During the month of March 2003,  United and its commuter  affiliates  had a total market
share  at DIA of  approximately  63.5%.  This  gives  United a  significant  competitive
advantage  compared to us and other  carriers  serving DIA. We believe our market share,
including  our  codeshare  affiliates,  at DIA for the month of March 2003  approximated
13.1%.  We compete with United  primarily on the basis of fares,  fare  flexibility  and
the quality of our customer service.

       At the present time, three domestic airports,  including New York's LaGuardia and
John F. Kennedy International  Airports and Washington,  D.C.'s Ronald Reagan Washington
National  Airport,  are  regulated  by  means of  "slot"  allocations,  which  represent
government  authorization  to  take  off  or  land  at a  particular  airport  within  a
specified time period.  Federal Aviation  Administration ("FAA") regulations require the
use of each  slot at least  80% of the  time  and  provide  for  forfeiture  of slots in
certain  circumstances.  We were originally awarded six high-density  exemption slots at
LaGuardia,  and at the  present  time,  we utilize  four of those  slots to operate  two
daily   round-trip   flights   between  Denver  and  LaGuardia.   In  addition  to  slot
restrictions,  Washington  National is limited by a perimeter rule, which limits flights
to and from  Washington  National to 1,250  miles.  In April  2000,  the Wendell H. Ford
Aviation  Investment  and Reform Act for the 21st Century,  or AIR 21, was enacted.  AIR
21  authorizes  the  Department  of  Transportation  ("DOT")  to  grant  up to  12  slot
exemptions  beyond  the  1,250-mile  Washington  National  perimeter,  provided  certain
specifications  are met. We are  presently  authorized  to operate one daily  round-trip
flight  between Denver and  Washington  National.  During the year ended March 31, 2003,
we  requested  authority to operate a second  round-trip  flight in this market but were
denied.  Currently,  draft  legislation  exists  in both the U.S.  Senate  and  House of
Representatives  that may provide for additional  beyond  perimeter  flights at National
Airport.  If  additional  beyond  perimeter  slots at  Washington  National  Airport are
authorized,  we expect to file an application  requesting use of at least two additional
beyond  perimeter   slots.   Until  there  are  additional   beyond  perimeter   flights
authorized,  or another carrier  currently  authorized to operate beyond perimeter slots
rejects  those  slots,  we will  not be able to add  frequency  at  Washington  National
Airport.

       Other airports around the country,  such as John Wayne  International  Airport in
Santa Ana,  California  (SNA) are also slot controlled at the local level as mandated by
a federal  court order.  We have filed an  application  for, and received  approval for,
six arrival and  departure  slots at SNA. We plan to begin  operating  service  with two
daily  flights at SNA on August 31,  2003.  Because  there is  limited  availability  of
overnight  facilities at SNA, we  anticipate  adding a third daily flight at SNA when an
overnight  parking  position  becomes  available,  which we anticipate will occur during
our fiscal fourth quarter 2004.

<b>Maintenance and Repairs</b>

       All of our aircraft  maintenance and repairs are  accomplished in accordance with
our  maintenance  program  approved by the FAA. We maintain spare or  replacement  parts
primarily  in Denver,  Colorado.  Spare parts  vendors  supply us with  certain of these
parts, and we purchase or lease others from other airline or vendor sources.

       Since mid-1996, we have trained,  staffed and supervised our own maintenance work
force at Denver,  Colorado.  We sublease a portion of  Continental  Airlines'  hangar at
DIA where we currently  perform our own maintenance  through the "D" check level.  Other
major  maintenance,  such as major engine repairs,  is performed by outside FAA approved
contractors.  We also  maintain  line  maintenance  facilities  at El  Paso,  Texas  and
Phoenix,  Arizona.  We have announced our plans to close the El Paso, Texas  maintenance
facility  effective  August 30, 2003 and transfer the  functions  to the  Facilities  in
Denver and Phoenix.

       Under  our  aircraft  lease  agreements,  we pay  all  expenses  relating  to the
maintenance  and  operation of our  aircraft,  and we are  required to pay  supplemental
monthly  rent  payments to the lessors  based on usage.  Supplemental  rents are applied
against  the cost of  scheduled  major  maintenance.  To the  extent  not used for major
maintenance during the lease terms,  excess  supplemental rents remain with the aircraft
lessors after termination of the lease.

       Our monthly  completion  factors for the years ending March 31, 2003,  2002,  and
2001  ranged  from  98.2%  to  99.7%,  from  97.3 to  99.8%,  and  from  98.6 to  99.8%,
respectively.  The  completion  factor is the  percentage of our scheduled  flights that
were  operated by us (i.e.,  not  canceled).  Canceled  flights  were  principally  as a
result of mechanical  problems,  and, to a lesser extent,  weather.  We believe that our
new Airbus aircraft are improving our aircraft reliability.

      In December 2002, we entered into an engine  maintenance  agreement with GE Engine
Services,  Inc. (GE) for the servicing,  repair,  maintenance and functional  testing of
our  aircraft  engines  used on our Airbus  aircraft  effective  January  1,  2003.  The
agreement  is for a 12-year  period from the  effective  date for our owned  aircraft or
December  31,  2014,  whichever  comes  first,  and for each leased  aircraft,  the term
coincides  with the initial  lease term of 12 years.  This  agreement  precludes us from
using another third party for such services  during the term.  This  agreement  requires
monthly  payments  at a  specified  rate times the number of flight  hours  flown on the
aircraft during that month.

       In calendar  years ended  December 31, 1999 through  2002,  our  maintenance  and
engineering  department  received the Federal Aviation  Administration's  highest award,
the  Diamond   Certificate  of  Excellence,   in  recognition  of  100  percent  of  our
maintenance  and  engineering   employees   completing  advanced  aircraft   maintenance
training  programs.   The  Diamond  Award  recognizes  advanced  training  for  aircraft
maintenance  professionals  throughout the airline  industry.  We are the first Part 121
domestic air carrier to achieve 100 percent  participation  in this training  program by
our maintenance employees.

<b>Fuel</b>

       During the years ending March 31, 2003,  2002,  and 2001,  jet fuel accounted for
17.2%,   14.3%,  and  18.1%,   respectively,   of  our  operating   expenses.   We  have
arrangements   with  major  fuel  suppliers  for   substantial   portions  of  our  fuel
requirements,  and we believe that these arrangements  assure an adequate supply of fuel
for  current  and  anticipated  future  operations.  Jet fuel costs are  subject to wide
fluctuations  as  a  result  of  sudden   disruptions  in  supply  beyond  our  control.
Therefore,  we cannot  predict  the  future  availability  and cost of jet fuel with any
degree of certainty.  Fuel prices  increased  significantly  in fiscal 2003. Our average
fuel price per gallon including taxes and into-plane fees was 96(cent)for the year ended
March 31,  2003,  with the  monthly  average  price per gallon  during  the same  period
ranging from a low of 82(cent)to a high of  $1.26. Our average  fuel  price  per  gallon
including taxes and into-plane fees was 87(cent)for the year ended March 31,  2002, with
the monthly average price per gallon during the same period ranging from a low of 72(cent)
to a high of $1.01.  As of June 23, 2003, the price per gallon was 95(cent)excluding the
impact of fuel hedges.  We  implemented a fuel hedging  program in 2003,  under which we
enter  into Gulf  Coast jet fuel  option  contracts  to  partially  protect  us  against
significant  increases  in fuel  prices.  Our fuel  hedging  program  is limited in fuel
volume and  duration.  As of June 23,  2003,  we had hedged  approximately  15.7% of our
projected  fiscal  2004 fuel  requirements  with 26.2% in the  quarter  ending  June 30,
2003,  18.5% in the quarter  ending  September  30,  2003,  18.3% in the quarter  ending
December 31, 2003, and none in the quarter ending March 31, 2004.

       Increases  in fuel prices or a shortage of supply  could have a material  adverse
effect on our  operations and financial  results.  Our ability to pass on increased fuel
costs  to  passengers  through  price  increases  or  fuel  surcharges  may be  limited,
particularly given our affordable fare strategy.

<b>Insurance</b>

       We carry  insurance  limits  of $800  million  per  aircraft  per  occurrence  in
property damage and passenger and  third-party  liability  insurance,  and insurance for
aircraft  loss or damage  with  deductible  amounts as required  by our  aircraft  lease
agreements,  and  customary  coverage  for other  business  insurance.  While we believe
such  insurance  is  adequate,  there  can  be no  assurance  that  such  coverage  will
adequately  protect us against  all losses  that we might  sustain.  Our next  scheduled
aircraft hull and liability coverage renewal date is June 7, 2004.

       In December 2002,  through  authority  granted under the Homeland Security Act of
2002, the U.S.  government  expanded its insurance  program to enable  airlines to elect
either the  government's  excess  third-party war risk coverage or for the government to
become the  primary  insurer  for all war risks  coverage.  We  elected to take  primary
government  coverage in February  2003 and dropped the  commercially  available war risk
coverage.  While the  Appropriations  Act of 2002  authorized  the  government  to offer
both policies  through August 31, 2004, the current  policies are in effect until August
12, 2003. We cannot assure you that any extension  will occur,  or if it does,  how long
the  extension  will last.  We expect that if the  government  stops  providing war risk
coverage to the airline  industry,  the premiums  charged by aviation  insurers for this
coverage  will be  substantially  higher  than the  premiums  currently  charged  by the
government.

<b>Employees</b>

       As of June 23, 2003, we had 3,380  employees,  including  2,651 full-time and 729
part-time  personnel.  Our employees  included 422 pilots,  561 flight  attendants,  728
customer  service  agents,  534  ramp  service  agents,  272  reservations  agents,  340
mechanics  and  related  personnel,   and  523  general  management  and  administrative
personnel.  We consider our relations with our employees to be good.

       We have established a compensation  philosophy that we will pay competitive wages
compared to other  airlines of similar  size and other  employers  with which we compete
for our  labor  supply.  Employees  have the  opportunity  to earn  above  market  rates
through the payment of performance bonuses.

       Three of our  employee  groups  have voted for union  representation:  our pilots
voted in November 1998 to be represented by an independent  union,  the Frontier Airline
Pilots  Association,  our  dispatchers  voted in September 1999 to be represented by the
Transport  Workers Union,  and our mechanics voted in July 2001 to be represented by the
International   Brotherhood  of  Teamsters.  The  first  bargaining  agreement  for  the
pilots,  which has a five-year  term,  was  ratified  and became  effective in May 2000.
The first  bargaining  agreement for the  dispatchers,  which has a three-year term, was
ratified and became  effective in September  2000.  The first  bargaining  agreement for
the mechanics,  which has a three-year  term, was ratified and became  effective in July
2002.  Since 1997,  we have had other union  organizing  attempts  that were defeated by
our flight attendants, ramp service agents, and stock clerks.

       Effective May 2000, we enhanced our 401(k) Retirement  Savings Plan by announcing
an  increased  matching  contribution  by the  Company.  Participants  may receive a 50%
Company match for  contributions up to 10% of salary.  This match is  discretionary  and
is approved on an annual basis by our Board of  Directors.  The Board of  Directors  has
approved the  continuation  of the match through the plan year ended  December 31, 2003.
We believe  that the match and related  vesting  schedule of 20% per year may reduce our
employee turnover rates.

       All new employees are subject to  pre-employment  drug testing.  Those  employees
who  perform  safety  sensitive  functions  are also  subject to random drug and alcohol
testing, and testing in the event of an accident.

       Training,  both initial and recurring,  is required for many employees.  We train
our pilots,  flight  attendants,  ground service personnel,  reservations  personnel and
mechanics.  FAA  regulations  require pilots to be licensed as commercial  pilots,  with
specific  ratings for  aircraft to be flown,  to be medically  certified  or  physically
fit, and have recent  flying  experience.  Mechanics,  quality  control  inspectors  and
flight  dispatchers  must be  licensed  and  qualified  for  specific  aircraft.  Flight
attendants   must  have  initial  and   periodic   competency,   fitness   training  and
certification.   The  FAA  approves  and  monitors  our  training  programs.  Management
personnel  directly  involved  in  the  supervision  of  flight  operations,   training,
maintenance and aircraft  inspection must meet  experience  standards  prescribed by FAA
regulations.

<b>Government Regulation</b>

       <i>General</i>.  All  interstate  air carriers are subject to regulation by the DOT, the
FAA and  other  state  and  federal  government  agencies.  In  general,  the  amount of
regulation  over  domestic air  carriers in terms of market entry and exit,  pricing and
inter-carrier   agreements  has  been  greatly   reduced  since  the  enactment  of  the
Deregulation Act.

       <i>U.S.  Department of Transportation</i>.  The DOT's jurisdiction  extends primarily to
the  economic  aspects  of  air  transportation,  such  as  certification  and  fitness,
insurance,  advertising,  computer reservation systems, deceptive and unfair competitive
practices,  and  consumer  protection  matters  such  as  on-time  performance,   denied
boarding  and baggage  liability.  The DOT also is  authorized  to require  reports from
air  carriers  and to  investigate  and  institute  proceedings  to enforce its economic
regulations  and  may,  in  certain  circumstances,   assess  civil  penalties,   revoke
operating  authority  and seek  criminal  sanctions.  We hold a  Certificate  of  Public
Convenience  and  Necessity  issued  by  the  DOT  that  allows  us  to  engage  in  air
transportation.

       <i>Transportation  Security  Administration</i>.  On November 19,  2001,  in response to
the  terrorist  acts of September  11, 2001,  the  President of the United States signed
into law the Aviation and  Transportation  Security Act  ("ATSA").  The ATSA created the
Transportation  Security  Administration  ("TSA"), an agency within the DOT, to oversee,
among  other  things,   aviation  and  airport  security.  The  ATSA  provided  for  the
federalization  of airport  passenger,  baggage,  cargo,  mail and  employee  and vendor
screening  processes.  The ATSA also enhanced  background  checks,  provided federal air
marshals  aboard  flights,  improved  flight deck  security,  and enhanced  security for
airport  perimeter  access.  The ATSA also required that all checked baggage be screened
by explosive detection systems by December 31, 2002.

       <i>U.S. Federal Aviation  Administration</i>.  The FAA's  regulatory  authority  relates
primarily to flight  operations and air safety,  including  aircraft  certification  and
operations,   crew  licensing  and  training,   maintenance   standards,   and  aircraft
standards.  The  FAA  also  oversees  aircraft  noise  regulation,   ground  facilities,
dispatch,  communications,  weather  observation,  and  flight  and duty  time.  It also
controls  access  to  certain  airports  through  slot   allocations,   which  represent
government  authorization  for  airlines  to take  off and land at  controlled  airports
during  specified  time  periods.  The FAA has the authority to suspend  temporarily  or
revoke  permanently  the  authority of an airline or its licensed  personnel for failure
to comply with FAA  regulations  and to assess  civil and  criminal  penalties  for such
failures.  We hold an  operating  certificate  issued by the FAA pursuant to Part 121 of
the Federal  Aviation  Regulations.  We must have and we maintain  FAA  certificates  of
airworthiness  for all of our  aircraft.  Our flight  personnel,  flight  and  emergency
procedures,  aircraft and maintenance  facilities and station  operations are subject to
periodic inspections and tests by the FAA.

       As a result of the events of September 11, 2001,  the FAA developed  requirements
to increase the security of aircraft  flight decks.  A variety of security  enhancements
were  introduced,  ultimately  requiring  all  airlines to install the highest  level of
secure  flight  deck  doors.  As of April 9, 2003 all of our Boeing and Airbus  aircraft
have FAA-approved flight deck doors installed and operational.

       <i>Environmental  Matters</i>.  The Aviation Safety and Noise Abatement Act of 1979, the
Airport  Noise and  Capacity  Act of 1990 and Clean Air Act of 1963 oversee and regulate
airlines with respect to aircraft  engine noise and exhaust  emissions.  We are required
to comply with all applicable  FAA noise control  regulations  and with current  exhaust
emissions  standards.  Our fleet is in  compliance  with the FAA's  Stage 3 noise  level
requirements.  In addition,  various  elements of our operation and  maintenance  of our
aircraft  are  subject  to  monitoring   and  control  by  federal  and  state  agencies
overseeing  the use and disposal of hazardous  materials and storm water  discharge.  We
believe we are currently in substantial  compliance  with all material  requirements  of
such agencies.

       <i>Railway Labor  Act/National  Mediation  Board</i>.  Three of our employee groups have
voted for  union  representation:  our are  represented  by an  independent  union,  the
Frontier  Airline Pilots  Association,  our dispatchers are represented by the Transport
Workers Union,  and our mechanics are  represented by the  International  Brotherhood of
Teamsters.  Our labor  relations  with  respect to the these  unions are  covered  under
Title II of the Railway  Labor Act and are subject to the  jurisdiction  of the National
Mediation Board.

       <i>Foreign  Operations</i>.  The availability of international  routes to U.S.  carriers
is regulated by treaties and related  agreements  between the United  States and foreign
governments.  The United States  typically  follows the practice of encouraging  foreign
governments  to  enter  into  "open  skies"   agreements  that  allow multiple  carrier
designation  on  foreign  routes.  In some  cases, countries  have  sought to limit the
number of carriers  allowed to fly these  routes.  Certain  foreign  governments  impose
limitations  on the ability of air  carriers to serve a particular  city and/or  airport
within  their   country  from  the  U.S.  For  a  U.S.   carrier  to  fly  to  any  such
international  destination,  it must first  obtain  approval  from both the U.S. and the
"foreign country authority".  For those  international  routes where there is a limit to
the number of carriers or  frequency  of flights,  studies  have shown these routes have
more  value  than  those  without  restrictions.  In the  past,  U.S.  government  route
authorities have been sold between carriers.

       <i>Foreign Ownership</i>.  Pursuant to law and DOT regulation, each United States air carrier
must qualify as a United States citizen, which requires that its President and at least
two-thirds of its Board of Directors and other managing officers be comprised of United
States citizens, that not more than 25% of its voting stock may be owned by foreign
nationals, and that the carrier not be otherwise subject to foreign control.

       <i>Miscellaneous</i>.  We are also subject to  regulation  or oversight by other federal
and state  agencies.  Antitrust laws are enforced by the U.S.  Department of Justice and
the Federal  Trade  Commission.  All air carriers are subject to certain  provisions  of
the  Communications  Act of 1934  because  of their  extensive  use of radio  and  other
communication  facilities,  and are  required to obtain an  aeronautical  radio  license
from  the  Federal  Communications   Commission.   The  Immigration  and  Naturalization
Service,  the U.S.  Customs Service and the Animal and Plant Health  Inspection  Service
of the U.S.  Department of Agriculture  each have  jurisdiction  over certain aspects of
our aircraft, passengers, cargo and operations.

<b>Risk Factors</b>

       In addition to the other  information  contained in this Form 10-K, the following
risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our business and us.

<b><i>We may be subject to  terrorist  attacks  or other  acts of war and  increased  costs or
reductions  in demand  for air  travel due to  hostilities  in the Middle  East or other
parts of the world.</i></b>

       On September 11, 2001, four  commercial  aircraft were hijacked by terrorists and
crashed  into The  World  Trade  Center  in New York  City,  the  Pentagon  in  Northern
Virginia  and  a  field  in  Pennsylvania.  These  terrorists  attacks  resulted  in  an
overwhelming  loss  of  life  and  extensive  property  damage.  Immediately  after  the
attacks,  the FAA closed U.S. airspace,  prohibiting all flights to, from and within the
United  States  of  America.  Airports  reopened  on  September  13,  2001,  except  for
Washington D.C.'s Ronald Reagan Washington  National Airport,  which partially  reopened
on October 4, 2001.

       The  September 11 terrorist  attacks,  and more  recently the war in Iraq created
fear among  consumers  and  resulted in  significant  negative  economic  impacts on the
airline  industry.   Primary  effects  were  substantial  loss  of  revenue  and  flight
disruption costs,  increased security and insurance costs,  increased concerns about the
potential for future terrorist attacks,  airport shutdowns and flight  cancellations and
delays due to additional  screening of  passengers  and baggage,  security  breaches and
perceived safety threats,  and  significantly  reduced  passenger traffic and yields due
to the subsequent drop in demand for air travel.

       Given the magnitude  and  unprecedented  nature of the September 11 attacks,  the
uncertainty  and fear of consumers  resulting from the war in Iraq, or the potential for
other  hostilities in other parts of the world,  it is uncertain  what long-term  impact
these  events  will or  could  have on the  airline  industry  in  general  and on us in
particular.  These factors could affect our  operating  results and financial  condition
by  creating  weakness  in demand for air travel,  increased  costs due to new  security
measures  and the  potential  for new or  additional  government  mandates  for security
related measures,  increased insurance  premiums,  increased fuel costs, and uncertainty
about the continued availability of war risk coverage or other insurances.

       In addition,  although the entire industry is  substantially  enhancing  security
equipment  and  procedures,  it is  impossible to guarantee  that  additional  terrorist
attacks or other acts of war will not occur.  Given the  weakened  state of the  airline
industry,  if additional  terrorist  attacks or acts of war occur,  particularly  in the
near  future,  it can be expected  that the impact of those  attacks on the industry may
be  similar  in  nature to but  substantially  greater  than  those  resulting  from the
September 11 terrorist attacks.

<b><i>Our insurance  costs have  increased  substantially  as a result of the  September  11th
terrorist attacks, and further increases in insurance costs would harm our business</i></b>.

       Following  the September 11 terrorist  attacks,  aviation  insurers  dramatically
increased  airline insurance  premiums and  significantly  reduced the maximum amount of
insurance   coverage   available  to  airlines  for  liability  to  persons  other  than
passengers  for claims  resulting  from acts of terrorism,  war or similar events to $50
million  per event and in the  aggregate.  In light of this  development,  under the Air
Transportation  Safety and Stabilization Act  ("Stabilization  Act"), the government has
provided  domestic  airlines  with excess war risk  coverage  above $50 million up to an
estimated $1.6 billion per event for us.

       In December 2002, via authority  granted under the Homeland Security Act of 2002,
the U.S.  government  expanded its insurance  program to enable airlines to elect either
the  government's  excess  third-party  coverage  or for the  government  to become  the
primary  insurer  for all war risk  coverage.  We  elected  to take  primary  government
coverage  in  February  2003  and  discontinued  the  commercially  available  war  risk
coverage.  While  the  Appropriations  Act  authorized  the  government  to  offer  both
policies  through August 31, 2004,  the current  policies are in effect until August 12,
2003. We cannot assure you that any extension  will occur,  or if it does,  how long the
extension  will  last.  We  expect  that if the  government  stops  providing  war  risk
coverage to the airline  industry,  the premiums  charged by aviation  insurers for this
coverage  will be  substantially  higher  than the  premiums  currently  charged  by the
government.  Significant  increases  in  insurance  premiums  would  harm our  financial
condition and results of operations.

<b><i>We may not be able to obtain or secure new aircraft financing</i></b>.

         We  have  agreed  to  purchase  six   additional   new  Airbus  A319  and  A318
aircraft.  We have secured firm  financing  commitments  for 4 of the six  aircraft.  To
complete the purchase of the  remaining  aircraft,  we must secure  aircraft  financing,
which we may not be able to obtain on terms  acceptable  to us,  if at all.  The  amount
of financing  required  will depend on the required  down payment on mortgaged  financed
aircraft  and the  extent  of  leasing  compared  to  purchasing  the  aircraft.  We are
exploring various financing  alternatives,  including,  but not limited to, domestic and
foreign bank financing,  leveraged lease arrangements or  sales/leaseback  transactions.
There can be no guaranty that  additional  financing  will be available when required or
on  acceptable  terms.  The  inability  to secure  the  financing  could have a material
adverse  effect on our cash  balances  or result in delays in or our  inability  to take
delivery of Airbus aircraft that we have agreed to purchase,  further  impairing the our
strategies for long-term growth.

<b><i>The airline  industry is seasonal and  cyclical,  resulting in  unpredictable  liquidity
and earnings</i></b>.

         Because  the airline  industry is seasonal  and  cyclical,  our  liquidity  and
earnings  will  fluctuate  and be  unpredictable.  Our  operations  primarily  depend on
passenger  travel  demand and  seasonal  variations.  Our  weakest  travel  periods  are
generally  during the  quarters  ending in June and  December.  The airline  industry is
also a  highly  cyclical  business  with  substantial  volatility.  Airlines  frequently
experience  short-term  cash  requirements.  These  requirements  are caused by seasonal
fluctuations in traffic,  which often reduce cash during off-peak  periods,  and various
other  factors,   including  price   competition  from  other  airlines,   national  and
international   events,   fuel  prices,  and  general  economic   conditions   including
inflation.  Our  operating and  financial  results are likely to be negatively  impacted
by the continued  stagnation in national or regional  economic  conditions in the United
States,  and  particularly  in  Colorado.  Airlines  require  substantial  liquidity  to
continue  operating under most  conditions.  The airline industry also has low operating
profit  margins and revenues  that vary to a  substantially  greater  degree than do the
related costs.  Therefore,  a significant  shortfall from expected  revenue levels could
have a material adverse effect on us.

         We,  like many in the  industry,  are  seeing a  negative  impact to  passenger
traffic  caused  by the war with  Iraq,  the  slowing  economy,  as well as  threats  of
further  terrorist  activities.  The impact has been more  prevalent  with our  business
traffic,  which is higher  yield  traffic  that books  closer to the date of  departure,
than with our leisure  customers.  Even though the slowing  economy has  impacted us, we
believe  that the larger,  more  established  carriers  are being  impacted to a greater
extent as the  discretionary  business  travelers who  typically fly these  carriers are
looking  for  affordable  alternatives  similar to the  service we  provide.  The larger
carriers have reduced their "close-in" fare structure to more  aggressively  compete for
this traffic.  Aggressive  pricing  tactics by our major  competitors  has had and could
also have an impact in the future on the leisure component.

<b><i>We are in a high fixed cost  business,  and any  unexpected  decrease in revenues  would
harm us</i></b>.

         The airline  industry  is  characterized  by low profit  margins and high fixed
costs  primarily for personnel,  fuel,  aircraft  ownership  costs and other rents.  The
expenses of an aircraft flight do not vary  significantly  with the number of passengers
carried and, as a result,  a relatively  small change in the number of  passengers or in
pricing would have a  disproportionate  effect on the airline's  operating and financial
results.  Accordingly,  a shortfall  from  expected  revenue  levels can have a material
adverse effect on our profitability and liquidity.

<b><i>We have a significant amount of fixed obligations and we will incur significantly more
fixed obligations, which could increase the risk of failing to meet payment
obligations</i></b>.

         As of March 31, 2003,  maturities of our  long-term  debt were  $20,473,000  in
2004,  $16,864,000  in 2005,  $22,139,000 in 2006,  $22,725,000 in 2007,  $45,776,000 in
2008  and an  aggregate  of  $154,235,000  for the  years  thereafter.  In  addition  to
long-term  debt,  we  have  a  significant  amount  of  other  fixed  obligations  under
operating  leases  related  to our  aircraft,  airport  terminal  space,  other  airport
facilities  and office  space.  As of March 31,  2003,  future  minimum  lease  payments
under   noncancelable   operating  leases  were   approximately   $83,326,000  in  2004,
$76,791,000 in 2005,  $61,478,000 in 2006,  $56,340,000 in 2007, $55,420,000 in 2008 and
an aggregate of  $328,518,000  for the years  thereafter.  As of March 31, 2003,  we had
commitments of approximately  $142,375,000 to purchase six additional  aircraft over the
next 13 months,  including  estimated amounts for contractual price  escalations,  spare
parts to support  these  aircraft and to equip the aircraft  with LiveTV.  We will incur
additional debt or long-term  lease  obligations as we take delivery of new aircraft and
other equipment and continue to expand into new markets.

<b><i>If we fail to comply with financial  covenants,  some of our financing agreements may be
terminated</i></b>.

         Under our commercial loan facility "Government Guaranteed Loan",  guaranteed in
part by the federal  government,  we are required to comply with specified financial and
other  covenants.  We  cannot  assure  you  that we will be able to  comply  with  these
covenants  or  provisions  or that  these  requirements  will not limit our  ability  to
finance  our future  operations  or capital  needs.  Our  inability  to comply  with the
required  financial  covenants  or  provisions  could  result  in a default  under  this
financing  agreement.  In the event of any such  default and our  inability  to obtain a
waiver of the default,  all amounts  outstanding  under the agreements could be declared
to be  immediately  due and payable.  In addition,  other  financial  arrangements  that
contain  cross-default  provisions  could also be  declared  in default  and all amounts
outstanding  could  be  declared  immediately  due  and  payable.  If we  did  not  have
sufficient  available  cash to pay all  amounts  that become due and  payable,  we would
have  to seek  additional  debt or  equity  financing,  which  may not be  available  on
acceptable  terms,  or at all. If such financing  were not  available,  we would have to
sell assets in order to obtain the funds required to make accelerated payments.

<b><i>Increases in fuel costs affect our operating costs and competitiveness</i></b>.

         We cannot predict our future cost and  availability of fuel,  which affects our
ability to  compete.  Fuel is a major  component  of our  operating  expenses.  Both the
cost and  availability  of fuel are  influenced by many  economic and political  factors
and events  occurring in oil producing  countries  throughout the world,  and fuel costs
fluctuate  widely.  Fuel  accounted  for 17.2% of our total  operating  expenses for the
year ended March 31, 2003.  The  unavailability  of adequate fuel supplies  could have a
material  adverse  effect on our  operations  and  profitability.  In  addition,  larger
airlines may have a  competitive  advantage  because they pay lower prices for fuel.  We
generally  follow  industry  trends by raising  fares in  response to  significant  fuel
price  increases.  However,  our ability to pass on  increased  fuel costs  through fare
increases  may  be  limited  by  economic  and  competitive  conditions.   In  addition,
although we implemented a fuel hedging  program in 2003,  under which we enter into Gulf
Coast jet fuel option contracts to partially  protect against  significant  increases in
fuel  prices,  our fuel  hedging  program is limited in fuel  volume and  duration.  Our
fuel hedging  program is not  sufficient to protect us against the majority of increases
in the price of fuel.

<b><i>We are subject to strict federal  regulations,  and compliance with federal  regulations
increases our costs and decreases our revenues</i></b>.

         Airlines  are  subject to  extensive  regulatory  and legal  requirements  that
involve  significant  compliance  costs. In the last several years,  Congress has passed
laws and the DOT and FAA have issued  regulations  relating to the operation of airlines
that have required  significant  expenditures.  For example,  the President  signed into
law the ATSA in  November  2001.  This law  federalizes  substantially  all  aspects  of
civil  aviation  security  and  requires,  among other  things,  the  implementation  of
certain  security  measures by airlines and airports,  including a requirement  that all
passenger  baggage be screened.  Funding for airline and airport  security under the law
is primarily  provided by a new $2.50 per enplanement  ticket tax effective  February 1,
2002,  with authority  granted to the TSA to impose  additional  fees on air carriers if
necessary.    Under   the   Emergency   Wartime    Supplemental    Appropriations    Act
(Appropriations  Act)  enacted  on  April  16,  2003,  the  $2.50  enplanement  tax  was
temporarily  suspended  on ticket sales from June 1, 2003  through  August 31, 2003.  In
addition,   the  acquisition,   installation  and  operation  of  the  required  baggage
screening  systems  by  airports  will  result in  capital  expenses  and costs by those
airports  that  will  likely  be passed on to the  airlines  through  increased  use and
landing  fees.  It is  impossible to determine at this time exactly what the cost impact
will be of the increased  security  measures  imposed by the ATSA. On February 17, 2002,
the ATSA  imposed a base  security  infrastructure  fee on  commercial  operators  in an
amount equal to the calendar year 2000 airport  security  expenses.  The  infrastructure
fee for us is $1,625,000 annually.

         In addition,  although we have  obtained the necessary  authority  from the DOT
and the FAA to conduct  flight  operations  and are currently  obtaining  such authority
from the FAA with respect to Airbus  aircraft  that we are adding to our fleet,  we must
maintain this authority by our continued  compliance  with applicable  statutes,  rules,
and  regulations  pertaining  to the  airline  industry,  including  any new  rules  and
regulations  that may be  adopted  in the  future.  We  believe  that  the FAA  strictly
scrutinizes  smaller  airlines  like ours,  which  makes us  susceptible  to  regulatory
demands that can  negatively  impact our  operations.  We may not be able to continue to
comply  with all  present  and future  rules and  regulations.  In  addition,  we cannot
predict the costs of compliance  with these  regulations and the effect of compliance on
our  profitability,  although  these costs may be material.  We also expect  substantial
FAA  scrutiny  as we  transition  from our  Boeing  fleet  to an all  Airbus  fleet.  An
accident or major  incident  involving one of our aircraft  would likely have a material
adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

<b><i>We experience high costs at DIA, which may impact our results of operations</i></b>.

         We  operate  our hub of flight  operations  from DIA where we  experience  high
costs.  Financed  through  revenue  bonds,  DIA depends on landing  fees,  gate rentals,
income  from  airlines,  the  traveling  public,  and other fees to  generate  income to
service  its debt and to support  its  operations.  Our cost of  operations  at DIA will
vary  as  traffic  increases  or  diminishes  at  that  airport.  We  believe  that  our
operating  costs at DIA  substantially  exceed those that other  airlines  incur at most
hub  airports  in other  cities,  which  decreases  our  ability to  compete  with other
airlines  with  lower  costs  at their  hub  airports.  In  addition,  United  Airlines,
currently  operating  under  the  protection  of  Chapter  11 of  the  Bankruptcy  Code,
represents  a  significant   tenant  at  DIA.  If  United   Airlines  fails  to  meet  a
significant  portion of its payment  obligations  relating to its  operations at DIA, or
significantly  reduces its operations,  the resulting  decrease in revenues available to
DIA  may  result  in a  proportionate  increase  in the  operating  costs  of all  other
airlines continuing to operate at DIA.

<b><i>We face intense  competition  and market  dominance by United  Airlines and  uncertainty
with  respect to their  ability to emerge  from  Chapter 11  successfully;  we also face
competition from other airlines at DIA</i></b>.

         The airline  industry is highly  competitive,  primarily  due to the effects of
the Deregulation Act, which substantially  eliminated  government  authority to regulate
domestic  routes and fares and  increased  the  ability  of  airlines  to  compete  with
respect to flight  frequencies  and fares.  We compete  with United  Airlines in our hub
in Denver,  and we anticipate that we will compete  principally  with United Airlines in
our  future  market  entries.  United  Airlines  and  its  commuter  affiliates  are the
dominant  carriers  out of DIA,  accounting  for  approximately  63.5% of all  passenger
boardings  for the  month  of March  2003.  Fare  wars,  "capacity  dumping"  in which a
competitor  places  additional  aircraft on selected routes,  and other activities could
adversely  affect us. The future  activities of United  Airlines and other  carriers may
have a material  adverse effect on our revenues and results of  operations.  Most of our
current and  potential  competitors  have  significantly  greater  financial  resources,
larger route networks,  and superior market  identity.  In addition,  United Airlines is
currently  operating  under the protection of Chapter 11 of the  Bankruptcy  Code. As it
seeks to develop a plan or  reorganization,  United  Airlines has  expressed an interest
in  creating  a low-cost  operation  in order to compete  more  effectively  with us and
other low-cost  carriers.  The uncertainty  regarding  United  Airlines'  business plan,
its ability to  restructure  under  Chapter 11, and its  potential  for placing to place
downward  pressure  on air fares  charged in the Denver  market are risks on our ability
to maintain yields required for profitable  operations.

<b><i>Our operating results may suffer from other low-fare carriers entering DIA and other
markets we serve</i></b>.

         The airline industry, in general, and the low-fare sector in particular, is highly
competitive and is served by numerous companies.  More recently, Delta Airlines recently
formed a subsidiary named &#147;Song Airlines&#148; to compete in the low-fare sector.  In
addition, a number of other airlines have commenced service at DIA.  These airlines have
offered low introductory fares and compete on several of our routes.  We may also face
greater competition in the future.  Competition from these airlines could adversely affect
us.

<b><i>We could lose airport and gate access thereby decreasing our competitiveness</i></b>.

         We could  encounter  barriers to airport slot or airport gate access that would
deny or limit our access to the airports  that we currently  use or intend to use in the
future.  A slot is an  authorization  to schedule a takeoff or landing at the designated
airport  within a specific  time window.  The FAA must be advised of all slot  transfers
and can disallow any such transfer.  In the United States,  the FAA currently  regulates
slot  allocations  at  O'Hare  International  Airport  in  Chicago,  JFK  and  LaGuardia
Airports in New York City,  and Ronald Reagan  National  Airport in  Washington  D.C. We
use LaGuardia  Airport and Ronald  Reagan  National  Airport in our current  operations.
The  FAA's  slot  regulations  require  the use of each  slot at least  80% of the time,
measured on a monthly basis.  Failure to comply with these  regulations  may result in a
recall of the slot by the FAA.  In  addition,  the slot  regulations  permit  the FAA to
withdraw  the  slots at any time  without  compensation  to meet the  DOT's  operational
needs.  Our  ability to  increase  slots at the  regulated  airports  is affected by the
number of slots available for takeoffs and landings.

         In  addition,   the  number  of  gates   available  to  us  at  some  airports,
particularly  at DIA,  may be  limited  to the  restricted  capacity  or by  disruptions
caused  by major  renovation  projects.  Available  gates may not  provide  for the best
overall  service to our  customers,  and may  prevent  us from  scheduling  our  flights
during peak or  opportune  times.  Any  failure to obtain  gate  access at the  airports
that we  serve  could  adversely  affect  our  operations.  These  barriers  may in turn
materially adversely affect our business and competitiveness.

<b><i>Our transition to an Airbus fleet creates risks</i></b>.

         We currently  operate 19 Boeing aircraft and 18 Airbus aircraft.  Our long-term
strategy is to  transition  our fleet so that we are operating  only Airbus  aircraft by
the end of calendar  year 2005.  One of the key elements of this  strategy is to produce
cost  savings  because  crew  training is  standardized  for  aircraft of a common type,
maintenance issues are simplified,  spare parts inventory is reduced,  and scheduling is
more efficient.  However,  during our transition period we will be incurring  additional
costs  associated  with  retraining our Boeing crews in the Airbus  aircraft.  We may be
faced with  retiring the Boeing  aircraft in advance of the end of the lease  agreements
for these  aircraft,  thus  resulting in  recognizing  remaining  lease  obligations  as
expense in the current period.

         Once  we  operate  only  Airbus  aircraft,  we will be  dependent  on a  single
manufacturer  for future aircraft  acquisitions  or deliveries,  spare parts or warranty
service.  If Airbus is  unable  to  perform  its  obligations  under  existing  purchase
agreements,  or is unable to  provide  future  aircraft  or  services,  whether by fire,
strike or other  events that affect its ability to fulfill  contractual  obligations  or
manufacture  aircraft or spare  parts,  we would have to find  another  supplier for our
aircraft.  Currently,  Boeing  is the  only  other  manufacturer  from  which  we  could
purchase or lease  alternate  aircraft.  If we were forced to acquire  Boeing  aircraft,
we  would  need  to  address  fleet  transition  issues,   including  substantial  costs
associated with retraining our employees,  acquiring new spare parts,  and replacing our
manuals.  Also,  the  fleet  efficiency  benefits  described  above  would no  longer be
available.

         In  addition,  once we operate  only Airbus  aircraft  we will be  particularly
vulnerable to any problems that might be associated  with these  aircraft.  Our business
would be significantly  disrupted if an FAA airworthiness  directive or service bulletin
were issued,  resulting in the  grounding of all Airbus  aircraft of the type we operate
while the defect is being  corrected.  Our  business  could also be harmed if the public
avoids flying Airbus aircraft due to an adverse  perception about the aircraft's  safety
or  dependability,  whether  real or  perceived,  in the event of an  accident  or other
incident involving an Airbus aircraft of the type we fly.

<b><i>Our maintenance expenses may be higher than we anticipate</i></b>.

         We may incur higher than  anticipated  maintenance  expenses.  We bear the cost
of all routine and major  maintenance on our owned  aircraft.  Under our leased aircraft
lease agreements,  we are required to bear all routine and major  maintenance  expenses.
Maintenance  expenses  comprise a  significant  portion of our  operating  expenses.  In
addition,  we are  required  periodically  to take  aircraft  out of  service  for heavy
maintenance  checks,  which can adversely  increase  costs and reduce  revenue.  We also
may be  required  to  comply  with  regulations  and  airworthiness  directives  the FAA
issues,  the cost of which our  aircraft  lessors may only  partially  assume  depending
upon the  magnitude of the expense.  Although we believe that our  purchased  and leased
aircraft  are  currently in  compliance  with all FAA issued  airworthiness  directives,
there is a high  probability that additional  airworthiness  directives will be required
in the future necessitating additional expense.

<b><i>Our landing fees may increase because of local noise abatement procedures</i></b>.

         Compliance with local noise abatement  procedures may lead to increased landing
fees.  As a result of  litigation  and pressure  from airport  area  residents,  airport
operators  have taken  local  actions  over the years to reduce  aircraft  noise.  These
actions have included  regulations  requiring aircraft to meet prescribed decibel limits
by  designated  dates,  curfews  during night time hours,  restrictions  on frequency of
aircraft  operations,  and  various  operational  procedures  for noise  abatement.  The
Airport Noise and Capacity Act of 1990  recognized  the right of airport  operators with
special  noise  problems to implement  local noise  abatement  procedures as long as the
procedures do not interfere  unreasonably  with the interstate  and foreign  commerce of
the national air transportation system.

         An agreement  between the City and County of Denver and another county adjacent
to Denver  specifies  maximum aircraft noise levels at designated  monitoring  points in
the  vicinity of DIA with  significant  payments  payable by Denver to the other  county
for each  substantiated  noise  violation  under the  agreement.  DIA has incurred  such
payment  obligations  and likely will incur such  obligations  in the  future,  which it
will  pass on to us and other air  carriers  serving  DIA by  increasing  landing  fees.
Additionally,  noise  regulations could be enacted in the future that would increase our
expenses and have a material adverse effect on our operations.

<b><i>We have a limited  number of aircraft,  and any  unexpected  loss of any aircraft  could
disrupt and harm our operations</i></b>.

       Because  we  have  a  limited  number  of  aircraft,   if  any  of  our  aircraft
unexpectedly  are  taken  out  of  service,  our  operations  may be  disrupted.  We can
schedule all of our aircraft for regular  passenger  service and only  maintain  limited
spare  aircraft  capability  should  one or more  aircraft  be  removed  from  scheduled
service for unplanned  maintenance  repairs or for other reasons.  The unplanned loss of
use of one or more of our  aircraft  for a  significant  period  of  time  could  have a
material  adverse  effect  on  our  operations  and  operating  results.  A  replacement
aircraft  may not be  available  or we may not be able to lease or  purchase  additional
aircraft  on  satisfactory  terms or when  needed.  The market  for leased or  purchased
aircraft fluctuates based on worldwide economic factors that we cannot control.

<b><i>Unionization affects our costs and may affect our operations</i></b>.

       Three of our  employee  groups have voted for union  representation:  our pilots,
dispatchers,  and  mechanics.  In  addition,  since  1997 we have had  union  organizing
attempts that were defeated by our flight  attendants,  ramp service  agents,  and stock
clerks.  The  collective  bargaining  agreements  we have  entered into with our pilots,
dispatchers,  and mechanics have  increased our labor and benefit costs,  and additional
unionization  of our employees  could  increase our overall  costs.  If any group of our
currently  non-unionized  employees  were  to  unionize  and we  were  unable  to  reach
agreement  on the  terms  of  their  and  other  currently  unionized  employee  groups'
collective   bargaining   agreements  or  we  were  to  experience  widespread  employee
dissatisfaction,  we could be subject to work  slowdowns or stoppages.  In addition,  we
may be subject to disruptions by organized  labor groups  protesting  certain groups for
their  non-union  status.  Any of these events would be disruptive to our operations and
could harm our business.

<b><i>Our  reputation  and  financial  results  could be harmed in the event of an accident or
incident involving our aircraft</i></b>.

         An accident or incident  involving one of our aircraft  could involve repair or
replacement  of a damaged  aircraft and its  consequential  temporary or permanent  loss
from service,  and significant  potential  claims of injured  passengers and others.  We
are  required  by  the  DOT  to  carry  liability  insurance.  Although  we  believe  we
currently maintain liability  insurance in amounts and of the type generally  consistent
with  industry  practice,  the amount of such coverage may not be adequate and we may be
forced to bear substantial  losses from an accident.  Substantial  claims resulting from
an accident in excess of our related  insurance  coverage  would harm our  business  and
financial  results.   Moreover,  any  aircraft  accident  or  incident,  even  if  fully
insured,  could cause a public  perception  that we are less safe or reliable than other
airlines, which would harm our business.


<b>Item 2:  Properties</b>

<u>Aircraft</u>

       As of June 23,  2003,  we operate 19 Boeing 737 and 18 Airbus  A319  aircraft  in
all-coach  seating   configurations.   The  age  of  these  aircraft,   their  passenger
capacities  and  expiration  years for the leased  aircraft  are shown in the  following
table:

                                                                Approximate
                                                                 Number of
Aircraft                No. of              Year of              Passenger               Lease
  <u>Model</u>                <u>Aircraft</u>           <u>Manufacture</u>               <u>Seats</u>             <u>Expiration</u>

B-737-200A                 3               1978-1983                119                2003-2005
B-737-300                 16               1985-1998                136                2003-2006
A319                       9               2001-2003                132                  owned
A319                       9               2001-2003                132                2013-2015

       In March  2000,  we  entered  into an  agreement,  as  subsequently  amended,  to
purchase  up to 31 new  Airbus  aircraft.  We have  agreed  to firm  purchases  of 17 of
these  aircraft,  and have options to purchase up to an additional 14 aircraft.  We have
exercised  options to purchase  five Airbus  aircraft.  As of June 23, 2003,  we did not
exercise   purchase  options  as  they  became  due  on  seven  of  the  remaining  nine
unexercised  options on Airbus  aircraft.  We are currently  discussing  with Airbus the
possibility  of replacing  these options with purchase  rights.  As a complement to this
purchase  order,  in April 2000 we signed an agreement  to lease 15 new Airbus  aircraft
for  delivery  in our fiscal  years 2002  through  2005.  As of March 31,  2003,  we had
taken delivery of 10 purchased  aircraft,  one of which we sold and agreed to lease back
from the purchaser,  and six  additional  leased  aircraft.  During the year ended March
31,  2003,  we  assigned  one of our  purchase  commitments  to an aircraft  lessor.  We
agreed to lease this aircraft for a term of five years.  These  commitments  contemplate
a fleet  replacement  plan by  which we will  phase  out our  Boeing  737  aircraft  and
replace  them with a  combination  of Airbus A319 and A318  aircraft.  The A319 and A318
aircraft are configured with 132 and 114 passenger seats,  respectively,  with a 33-inch
seat pitch.  We believe that  operating new Airbus  aircraft will result in  significant
operating cost savings and an improved product for our customers.

       During  fiscal year 2002,  we advanced  the return of one leased  Boeing  737-300
aircraft to its owner from April 2002 to September  2001,  and two leased Boeing 737-200
aircraft  from   September  and  November  2004  to  November  2002  and  January  2003,
respectively.  The return of the two Boeing  737-200  aircraft  was  extended to January
2003 and February  2003,  respectively.  We have extended the lease of a Boeing  737-300
aircraft  from  February  2003 to November  2003.  During the year ended March 31, 2003,
we took four Boeing  737-200s and one Boeing  737-300 out of service and  completed  the
process of bringing the  aircraft  into  compliance  with return  conditions.  Including
the  anticipated  return  of nine  Boeing  aircraft,  we plan to  operate  a fleet of 10
Boeing  737-300s,  four Airbus 318s and 24 Airbus A319s,  or a total of 38 aircraft,  by
the end of our fiscal year ending March 31, 2004.

       In June 2003, we agreed to lease two  additional  Airbus 318 aircraft,  scheduled
for  delivery  in May 2004 and March  2005,  and one  additional  Airbus  319  aircraft,
scheduled  for delivery in February  2005.  We plan to operate a minimum of 35 purchased
and leased Airbus  aircraft by the fiscal year ended March 31, 2005.  Upon completion of
our  fleet  transition,  we  expect  our  owned  and  leased  fleet to be  comprised  of
approximately 80 percent A319 aircraft and 20 percent A318 aircraft.

<u>Facilities</u>

       In  January  2001,  we moved our  general  and  administrative  offices  to a new
headquarters  facility  near DIA,  where we lease  approximately  70,000  square feet of
space  for a lease  term of 12  years  at an  average  annual  rental  of  approximately
$965,000 plus operating and maintenance expenses.

       The Denver  reservations  facility relocated in July 2001 to a 16,000 square foot
facility,  also in Denver,  which we have leased for a 10-year  lease term at an average
annual rental of  approximately  $140,000 plus operating and  maintenance  expenses.  In
August 2000, we established a second  reservations  center  facility in Las Cruces,  New
Mexico.  This facility is  approximately  12,000 square feet and is leased for a term of
122 months at an average  annual rental of  approximately  $129,000  plus  operating and
maintenance expenses.

       We have entered into an airport lease and facilities  agreement  expiring in 2010
with the City and  County of  Denver  at DIA for  ticket  counter  space,  ten gates and
associated  operations at a current annual rental rate of  approximately  $7,142,000 for
these  facilities.  We also sublease a portion of  Continental  Airlines'  hangar at DIA
until  February  28,  2007 for an annual  rental of  approximately  $2,776,000.  Upon 18
months written notice, either party can terminate the agreement.

       Each  of our  airport  locations  requires  leased  space  associated  with  gate
operations,  ticketing  and baggage  operations.  We either  lease the ticket  counters,
gates  and  airport  office  facilities  at each  of the  airports  we  serve  from  the
appropriate  airport  authority or sublease them from other airlines.  Total annual rent
expense for these  facilities,  excluding  DIA,  is  approximately  $7,860,000  based on
rents paid for the month of March 2003.  Additionally,  we lease maintenance  facilities
in El Paso,  Texas and  Phoenix,  Arizona at a current  annual  rental of  approximately
$201,000 for these facilities.


<PAGE>



<b>Item 3:  Legal Proceedings</b>

       From  time to time,  we are  engaged  in  routine  litigation  incidental  to our
business.  We  believe  there are no legal  proceedings  pending in which we are a party
or of which any of our  property  is the  subject  that are not  adequately  covered  by
insurance  maintained  by us or which  have  sufficient  merit to result  in a  material
adverse affect upon our business or financial condition.

<b>Item 4:  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders</b>

       During the fourth  quarter of the fiscal year covered by this report,  we did not
submit  any  matters to a vote of our  security  holders  through  the  solicitation  of
proxies or otherwise.


                                         <b>PART II</b>

<b>Item 5:  Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters</b>

<b>Price Range of Common Stock</b>

       The following  table shows the range of high and low bid prices per share for our
common  stock for the  periods  indicated  and as reported  by Nasdaq  through  June 23,
2003.  Market  quotations  listed  here  represent  prices  between  dealers  and do not
reflect  retail  mark-ups,  markdowns or  commissions.  As of June 23, 2003,  there were
1,271 holders of record of our common stock.

                                                 Price Range of
                                                  <u>Common Stock</u>
                     <u>Quarter Ended</u>              <u>High</u>         <u>Low</u>

                     June 30, 2001          $  16.71    $  10.31
                     September 30, 2001        15.78        6.77
                     December 31, 2001         17.40        8.00
                     March 31, 2002            23.75       17.02

                     June 30, 2002             17.95        8.13
                     September 30, 2002         8.60        4.56
                     December 31, 2002          8.00        4.02
                     March 31, 2003             7.10        3.67

                     June 30, 2003              9.87        5.15
                     (through June 23, 2003)

<b>Recent Sales of Securities</b>

During the period April 1, 2002  through  June 23, 2003,  we have not sold any shares of
our common stock.

<b>Dividend Policy</b>

       We have not  declared or paid cash  dividends on our common  stock.  We currently
intend to retain any future  earnings to fund  operations and the continued  development
of our  business,  and,  thus,  do not  expect to pay any cash  dividends  on our common
stock in the foreseeable  future.  Future cash dividends,  if any, will be determined by
our  Board of  Directors  and will be based  upon our  earnings,  capital  requirements,
financial condition and other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors.

<b>Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans</b>

       The information  required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the
data under the heading  "Securities  Authorized for Issuance  Under Equity  Compensation
Plans"  in the  Proxy  Statement  to be used in  connection  with  the  solicitation  of
proxies for our annual  meeting of  shareholders  to be held on  September  4, 2003.  We
will file the  definitive  Proxy  Statement  with the  Commission  on or before July 29,
2003.

<PAGE>


<b>Item 6:  Selected Financial Data</b>

       The following  selected  financial  and operating  data as of and for each of the
years ended March 31,  2003,  2002,  2001,  2000,  and 1999 are derived from our audited
financial  statements.  This  data  should  be read in  conjunction  with  "Management's
Discussion  and  Analysis of Financial  Condition  and Results of  Operations,"  and the
financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this report.

                                                              Year Ended March 31,
                                       <u>     2003          2002          2001          2000          1999    </u>
                                                (Amounts in thousands except per share amounts)
<b>Statement of Operations Data</b>:
Total operating revenues                $  469,936    $  445,075    $  472,876    $  329,820    $  220,608
Total operating expenses                   500,560       428,689       392,155       290,511       195,928
Operating income (loss)                    (30,624)       16,386        80,721        39,309        24,680
Income (loss) before income tax expense
  (benefit) and cumulative effect of change
  in accounting principle                  (39,509)       24,832        88,332        43,415        25,086
Income tax expense (benefit)               (14,655)        8,282        33,465        16,954        (5,480)
Income (loss) before cumulative effect of
  change in accounting principle           (24,854)       16,550        54,868        26,460        30,566
Cumulative effect of change in
  accounting principle                       2,011           -             -             549           -
Net income (loss)                          (22,843)       16,550        54,868        27,010        30,566
Income (loss) per share before cumulative
  effect   of  a   change   in   accounting
principle:
    Basic                                    (0.84)         0.58          2.02          1.02          1.43
    Diluted                                  (0.84)         0.56          1.90          0.94          1.32
Net income (loss) per share:
    Basic                                    (0.77)         0.58          2.02          1.04          1.43
    Diluted                                  (0.77)         0.56          1.90          0.95          1.32

Pro forma amounts assuming the new
  method of accounting for maintenance
  is applied retroactively:
    Net income                                  -     17,661,307    55,119,366            -             -
      Earnings per share:
          Basic                                 -           0.62          2.03            -             -
          Diluted                               -           0.60          1.91            -             -

Balance Sheet Data:
Cash and cash equivalents               $  102,880     $  87,555    $  109,251     $  67,851     $  47,289
Current assets                             190,838       193,393       199,794       140,361        94,209
Total assets                               587,844       413,685       295,317       187,546       119,620
Current liabilities                        130,047       152,064       136,159        98,475        68,721
Long-term debt                             261,739        66,832           204           329           435
Total liabilities                          428,877       244,552       150,538       106,501        75,230
Stockholders' equity                       158,967       169,133       144,779        81,045        44,391
Working capital                             60,791        41,329        63,635        41,886        25,488

<PAGE>
                                                              Year Ended March 31,
                                       <u>     2003          2002          2001          2000          1999    </u>
  <b>Selected Operating Data</b>:
  Passenger revenue (000s) (1)             460,188       435,946       462,609       320,850       214,311
  Revenue passengers carried (000s)          3,926         3,069         3,017         2,284         1,664
  Revenue passenger miles(RPMs)(000s)(2) 3,599,553     2,756,965     2,773,833     2,104,460     1,506,597
  Available seat miles (ASMs) (000s) (3) 6,013,261     4,592,298     4,260,461     3,559,595     2,537,503
  Passenger load factor (4)                   59.9%         60.0%         65.1%         59.1%         59.4%
  Break-even load factor (5) (6)              64.7%         57.6%         52.7%         51.1%         52.4%
  Block hours (7)                          120,297        92,418        83,742        71,276        52,789
  Departures                                53,081        41,736        38,556        33,284        25,778
  Average seats per departure                  132           132           132           129           125
  Average stage length                         858           834           837           829           787
  Average length of haul                       917           898           919           921           905
  Average daily block hour utilization (8)     9.8           9.1           9.4           9.9           9.6
  Yield per RPM (cents) (9)                  12.74         15.78         16.66         15.23         14.19
  Total yield per RPM (cents) (10)           13.06         16.14         17.05         15.67         14.64
  Yield per ASM (cents) (11)                  7.63          9.47         10.85          9.00          8.42
  Total yield per ASM (cents) (12)            7.81          9.69         11.10          9.27          8.69
  Cost per ASM (cents)                        8.32          9.33          9.20          8.16          7.72
  Cost per ASM excluding fuel (cents)         6.90          8.00          7.54          6.91          6.82
  Average fare (13)                         $  109        $  132        $  146        $  134        $  123
  Average aircraft in service                 33.8          27.8          24.5          19.7          15.0
  Aircraft in service at end of year          36.0          30.0          25.0          23.0          17.0
  Average age of aircraft at end of year       7.4          10.6          11.4          10.5          14.7

(1)  "Passenger  revenue" includes revenues for non-revenue  passengers,  administrative
     fees,  and revenue  recognized  for unused  tickets  that are greater than one year
     from issuance date.
(2)  "Revenue  passenger  miles," or RPMs, are  determined by multiplying  the number of
     fare-paying passengers carried by the distance flown.
(3)  "Available  seat miles," or ASMs, are determined by multiplying the number of seats
     available for passengers by the number of miles flown.
(4)  "Passenger  load  factor" is  determined  by dividing  revenue  passenger  miles by
     available seat miles.
(5)  "Break-even  load  factor"  is the  passenger  load  factor  that  will  result  in
     operating  revenues being equal to operating  expenses,  assuming  constant revenue
     per passenger mile and expenses.
(6)  The cost  associated  with the  early  extinguishment  of debt  totaling  $1,774,000
     has been excluded from the break-even  load factor  calculation  for the year ended
     March 31, 2003. The write-down of the carrying  values of the Boeing aircraft parts
     totaling  $2,478,000 has been excluded from the  calculation of the break-even load
     factor for the year ended March 31, 2003.  The  write-down  of the carrying  values
     of the Boeing  aircraft parts totaling  $1,512,000  during the year ended March 31,
     2002 has been excluded from the  calculation  of the  break-even  load factor.  The
     Stabilization  Act compensation  totaling  $12,703,000 for the year ended March 31,
     2002,  has been excluded from the calculation of the break-even load factor.
(7)  "Block hours"  represent the time between aircraft gate departure and aircraft gate
     arrival.
(8)   "Average daily block hour utilization" represents the total block hours divided by
     the number of aircraft days in service, divided by the weighted average of aircraft
     in our fleet during that period.  The number of aircraft includes all aircraft on our
     operating certificate, which includes scheduled aircraft, as well as aircraft out
     of service for maintenance and operation spare aircraft.
(9)  "Yield per RPM" is determined by dividing  passenger  revenues  (excluding  charter
     revenue) by revenue passenger miles.
(10) "Total  yield  per RPM" is  determined  by  dividing  total  revenues  by  revenue
     passenger miles.
(11) "Yield per ASM" is determined by dividing  passenger  revenues  (excluding  charter
     revenue) by available seat miles.
(12) "Total yield per ASM" is  determined  by dividing  passenger  revenues by available
         seat miles.
(13) "Average  fare"  excludes  revenue  included in passenger  revenue for  non-revenue
     passengers,  administrative  fees,  and revenue  recognized for unused tickets that
     are greater than one year from issuance date.


<PAGE>


<b>Item 7:  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations</b>

Selected Operating Statistics

       The following  table  provides our operating  revenues and expenses  expressed as
cents per total  available  seat miles  ("ASM") and as a percentage  of total  operating
revenues, as rounded, for the years ended March 31, 2003, 2002, and 2001.

                                    <u>          2003                   2002                2001      </u>
                                         Per           %        Per          %       Per          %
                                        total         of       total        of      total        of
                                         ASM        Revenue     ASM       Revenue    ASM       Revenue

Revenues:

    Passenger                            7.65        97.9%      9.49       97.9%    10.86       97.8%
    Cargo                                0.09         1.2%      0.14        1.5%     0.18        1.6%
    Other                           <u>     0.07         0.9%      0.05        0.6%     0.06        0.6%</u>

Total revenues                           7.81       100.0%      9.68      100.0%    11.10      100.0%
                                    ===================================================================

Operating expenses:
    Flight operations                    2.59        33.2%      2.83       29.2%     2.54       22.9%
    Aircraft fuel expense                1.43        18.3%      1.33       13.7%     1.67       15.0%
    Aircraft and traffic servicing       1.44        18.4%      1.53       15.8%     1.42       12.8%
    Maintenance                          1.26        16.1%      1.53       15.8%     1.54       13.9%
    Promotion and sales                  0.88        11.3%      1.29       13.4%     1.31       11.8%
    General and administrative           0.43         5.5%      0.57        5.9%     0.59        5.3%
    Depreciation and amortization   <u>     0.29         3.7%      0.25        2.6%     0.13        1.2%</u>

Total operating expenses                 8.32       106.5%      9.33       96.4%     9.20       82.9%
                                    ===================================================================


<b>Results of Operations - Year Ended March 31, 2003 Compared to Year Ended March 31, 2002</b>

<b>General</b>

       We  are a  scheduled  passenger  airline  based  in  Denver,  Colorado.  We  were
organized in February  1994 and we began flight  operations in July 1994 with two leased
Boeing  737-200  jets.  We have  since  expanded  our fleet to 28  leased  jets and nine
owned Airbus aircraft,  including three Boeing  737-200s,  16 larger Boeing 737-300s and
17 Airbus A319s as of March 31, 2003.  As a result of expansion of our  operations,  the
September  11,  2001  terrorist  attacks,  transition  costs  associated  with our fleet
replacement  plan,  the  slowing  economy  and the war in Iraq,  we do not  believe  our
results of  operations  for the year ended  March 31,  2003 and 2002 are  comparable  to
each other or are indicative of future operating results.

       Small  fluctuations  in our yield per revenue  passenger mile ("RPM") or cost per
available  seat mile ("ASM") can  significantly  affect  operating  results  because we,
like other airlines,  have high fixed costs in relation to revenues.  Airline operations
are highly  sensitive to various  factors,  including the actions of competing  airlines
and general economic factors,  which can adversely affect our liquidity,  cash flows and
results of operations.

<b>Results of Operations</b>

       We had a net loss of  $22,843,000  or 77(cent)per share for the year ended  March 31,
2003 as compared  to net income of  $16,550,000  or 56(cent)per  diluted  share for the year
ended March 31,  2002.  Our net loss for the year ended  March 31, 2003  included a $2.0
million  after-tax credit for the cumulative  effect of a change in accounting for major
aircraft  overhauls from the accrual method to the expense as incurred  method.  The net
loss  before the  cumulative  effect of the change in  accounting  was  $24,854,000,  or
$0.84 per common  share.  During the year  ended  March 31,  2003,  as  compared  to the
prior comparable  period,  we experienced lower average fares as a result of the slowing
economy,  United's  competitive  pricing on discount fares  available  inside 14 days of
travel,  principally in our Denver market,  and low  introductory  fares by new carriers
serving  the Denver  market.  Our  average  fare was $109 for the year  ended  March 31,
2003,  compared  to $132 for the  year  ended  March  31,  2002.  We also  believe  that
passenger  traffic  during the year ended March 31,  2003 was  impacted by the threat of
war with Iraq,  which  began in March  2003.  During  March  2003,  the Denver area also
experienced an unusual  blizzard,  which caused DIA to be closed for  approximately  two
days.   During  the  year  ended  March  31,  2003,   we  completed  a   sales-leaseback
transaction  of  one  of  our  purchased  aircraft  and  paid  off  the  loan  that  was
collateralized  by  this  aircraft.   As  a  result  we  incurred  $1,774,000  in  costs
associated  with the early  extinguishment  of this  debt.  Additionally,  we wrote down
the value of our Boeing spare parts inventory by $2,478,000.

       Our cost per ASM ("CASM") for the year ended  March 31, 2003 and 2002 was 8.32(cent)
and 9.33(cent), respectively, a decrease of 1.01(cent)or 10.8%. CASM excluding fuel for the
year ended March 31, 2003 and 2002 was 6.90(cent)and 8.00(cent), respectively, a decrease of
1.10(cent)or 13.8%. Our CASM decreased during the year ended  March 31, 2003 as a result
of an increase in the average  number of owned  aircraft  from 2.0 to 6.3, a decrease in
the cost per block hour on our Boeing  fleet for rotable  repairs and engine  overhauls,
a decrease in our  distribution  expenses in  relation to the  reduction  in the average
fare and a reduction in travel  agency  commissions  as a result of the  elimination  of
substantially  all travel  agency  commissions  effective  June 1, 2002,  the lack of an
employee  bonus  accrual  as a result of the net loss for the  period,  an  increase  in
aircraft  utilization,  and  economies  of scale  associated  with  lower  increases  in
indirect  costs  compared  to the  30.9%  increase  in ASMs  over the  prior  comparable
period.  These reductions were partially offset by an  increase of .07(cent)per ASM as a
result of an increase in war risk and hull and liability  insurance  premiums  after the
events of September  11. Due to the flight  cancellations  as a result of the  September
11 terrorist  attacks  during the year ended March 31, 2002,  our ASMs were less than we
had  planned,  which  caused  our  fixed  costs to be spread  over  fewer  ASMs and,  we
believe, distorted our CASM for the year ended March 31, 2002.

       During the year ended March 31, 2003,  our average  daily block hour  utilization
increased  to 9.8 from 9.1 for the year ended March 31,  2002.  The  calculation  of our
block hour  utilization  includes all aircraft  that are on our  operating  certificate,
which includes  scheduled  aircraft,  as well as aircraft out of service for maintenance
and operational spare aircraft,  and excludes aircraft removed  permanently from revenue
service or new  aircraft  not yet placed in  revenue  service.  In  September  2001,  we
temporarily  grounded  four  aircraft as a result of the  September  11, 2001  terrorist
attacks, resulting in reduced aircraft utilization during the 2002 period.

       An  airline's  break-even  load  factor is the  passenger  load  factor that will
result in  operating  revenues  being equal to  operating  expenses,  assuming  constant
revenue per  passenger  mile and  expenses.  For the year ended March 31, 2003 and 2002,
our  break-even  load  factors  were  64.7% and  57.6%,  respectively,  compared  to our
achieved  passenger  load  factors  of 59.9%  and  60.0%.  Our  break-even  load  factor
increased  from the prior  comparable  period  largely as a result of a decrease  in our
average  fare to $109  during the year ended  March 31,  2003 from $132  during the year
ended March 31, 2002, partially offset by a decrease in our CASM to 8.32(cent)for the year
ended March 31, 2003 from 9.33(cent)for the year ended March 31, 2002.

<b>Revenues</b>

       Industry  fare  pricing  behavior  has a  significant  impact  on  our  revenues.
Because of the  elasticity of passenger  demand,  we believe that increases in fares may
at certain  levels result in a decrease in passenger  demand in many markets.  We cannot
predict  future  fare  levels,  which  depend  to a  substantial  degree on  actions  of
competitors  and the economy.  When sale prices or other price  changes are initiated by
competitors  in our  markets,  we  believe  that we must,  in most  cases,  match  those
competitive  fares in  order to  maintain  our  market  share.  Passenger  revenues  are
seasonal in leisure travel markets depending on the markets' locations.

       Our  average  fare for the year ended  March 31, 2003 and 2002 was $109 and $132,
respectively,  a decrease of 17.4%.  We believe  that the  decrease in the average  fare
during the year ended March 31, 2003 from the prior  comparable  period was  principally
a result of the  slowing  economy,  the threat of a war with Iraq  which  began in March
2003,  United's  competitive  pricing  on  discount  fares  available  inside 14 days of
travel,  principally in our Denver market,  and low  introductory  fares by new carriers
serving the Denver market.

       Effective  February 17, 2002, the DOT began to provide security  services through
the TSA and assumed many of the  contracts  and  oversight  of security  vendors that we
and other carriers use to provide airport security  services.  Additionally,  the DOT is
to  reimburse  us, as well as all other air  carriers,  for  certain  security  services
provided by our own  personnel.  In order to be able to provide and fund these  security
services,  the DOT has  imposed  a $2.50  security  service  fee per  passenger  segment
flown,  not to exceed  $5.00 for one-way  travel or $10.00 for a round trip,  on tickets
purchased  on and after  February 1, 2002.  We believe that these fees have had downward
pressure on our  average  fare and in some cases we have been unable to pass these costs
along.

       Passenger  Revenues.  Passenger revenues totaled  $460,188,000 for the year ended
March 31,  2003  compared  to  $435,946,000  for the year ended  March 31,  2002,  or an
increase of 5.6%, on increased  capacity of  1,420,963,000  ASMs or 30.9%. The number of
revenue  passengers  carried was 3,926,000 for the year ended March 31, 2003 compared to
3,069,000  for the  year  ended  March  31,  2002 or an  increase  of  27.9%.  We had an
average of 33.8  aircraft in our fleet during the year ended March 31, 2003  compared to
an average  of 27.8  aircraft  during the year ended  March 31,  2002,  an  increase  of
21.6%.  RPMs  for  the  year  ended  March  31,  2003  were  3,599,553,000  compared  to
2,756,965,000  for the year  ended  March 31,  2002,  an  increase  of  30.6%.  Our load
factor  decreased  slightly to 59.9% for the year ended March 31,  2003,  from 60.0% for
the prior year.

       Cargo  revenues,  consisting of revenues  from freight and mail service,  totaled
$5,557,000  and  $6,624,000  for the years ended March 31, 2003 and 2002,  respectively,
representing  1.2% and 1.5% of total  operating  revenues,  respectively,  a decrease of
16.1%.  We believe that our cargo  revenues  have been  impacted by the slowing  economy
as well as the  agreement the United  States  Postal  Service  entered into with Federal
Express,  Inc. which began in August 2001 that  increased  Federal  Express's  volume of
mail  transportation.  This adjunct to the passenger  business is highly competitive and
depends  heavily  on  aircraft  scheduling,  alternate  competitive  means  of same  day
delivery service and schedule reliability.

       Other revenues,  comprised  principally of interline  handling fees, liquor sales
and excess  baggage  fees,  totaled  $4,191,000  and  $2,505,000 or .9% and .6% of total
operating  revenues  for the years ended March 31,  2003 and 2002,  respectively.  Other
revenue  increased  over the  prior  comparable  period as a result  of an  increase  in
interline  handling fees primarily due to the Mesa  codeshare  agreement and an increase
in ground handling for Mesa and other airlines.

<b>Operating Expenses</b>

       Operating  expenses  include  those  related to flight  operations,  aircraft and
traffic  servicing,  maintenance,  promotion and sales,  general and  administrative and
depreciation  and   amortization.   Total  operating   expenses  were  $500,560,000  and
$428,689,000,   respectively,  for  the  years  ended  March  31,  2003  and  2002,  and
represented  106.5%  and  96.4%  of  total  revenue,  respectively.  Operating  expenses
increased  as a percentage  of revenue  during the year ended March 31, 2003 as a result
of the 17.4% decrease in the average fare.

       Flight  Operations.  Flight operations  expenses of $155,914,000 and $129,814,000
were  33.2% and 29.2% of total  revenue  for the years  ended  March 31,  2003 and 2002,
respectively.  Flight  operations  expenses include all expenses related directly to the
operation of the aircraft  excluding  depreciation of owned aircraft and including lease
and insurance  expenses,  pilot and flight attendant  compensation,  in-flight catering,
crew  overnight   expenses,   flight  dispatch  and  flight  operations   administrative
expenses.  Included in flight  operations  expenses during the year ended March 31, 2003
and  2002  are  approximately  $3,330,000  and  $3,086,000,   respectively,  for  Airbus
training and related travel expenses.

       Aircraft  lease  expenses  totaled  $70,239,000  (14.9%  of  total  revenue)  and
$64,990,000  (14.6% of total  revenue)  for the  years  ended  March 31,  2003 and 2002,
respectively,  or an  increase  of 8.1%.  The  increase is largely due to an increase in
the  average  number of leased  aircraft  to 29.0 from 25.8,  or 12.4%,  during the year
ended March 31, 2003 compared to the same period in 2002.

       Aircraft  insurance  expenses totaled  $11,095,000  (2.4% of total revenue) for
the year ended March 31,  2003.  Aircraft  insurance  expenses  for the year ended March
31, 2002 were  $5,324,000  (1.2% of total  revenue).  Aircraft  insurance  expenses were
..31(cent)and .19(cent)per RPM for the years ended  March 31, 2003 and 2002, respectively.
Aircraft  insurance  expenses  during  the year  ended  March  31,  2002  were not fully
impacted by the result of the  terrorist  attacks on  September  11,  2001.  Immediately
following  the events of September  11, our aviation war risk  underwriters  limited war
risk passenger  liability  coverage on third party bodily injury and property  damage to
$50 million per  occurrence.  A special  surcharge  of $1.25 per  passenger  carried was
established  as the premium for this  coverage by our  commercial  underwriters.  At the
same time, the FAA provided us  supplemental  third party war risk coverage from the $50
million  limit to $1.6  billion.  Effective  December  16,  2002,  the FAA amended  this
coverage  to include war risk hull as well as  passenger,  crew and  property  liability
insurance.  In February  2003, we cancelled our  commercial  hull and liability war risk
coverage  after  binding  the FAA  coverages.  The  premium for the revised FAA war risk
coverage is derived  from a formula that takes into account  total  enplanements,  total
revenue  passenger miles, and total revenue  ton-miles flown, and is significantly  less
than  the  original   commercial   coverage  premium.   While  the   Appropriations  Act
authorized  the  government to offer both policies  through August 31, 2004, the current
policies  are in effect until  August 12,  2003.  We do not know whether the  government
will extend the coverage,  and if it does,  how long the extension  will last. We expect
that  if the  government  stops  providing  excess  war  risk  coverage  to the  airline
industry,  the  premiums  charged  by  aviation  insurers  for  this  coverage  will  be
substantially  higher  than the  premiums  currently  charged by the  government  or the
coverage will not be available from reputable underwriters.

       Pilot and flight  attendant  salaries  before payroll taxes and benefits  totaled
$42,982,000  and  $32,042,000  or 9.3% and  7.4% of  passenger  revenue  for each of the
years  ended  March 31,  2003 and  2002,  or an  increase  of  34.1%.  Pilot and  flight
attendant  compensation  increased as a result of an increase of 30.2% in block hours, a
general wage  increase in pilot and flight  attendant  salaries,  and  additional  crews
required  to replace  those  attending  training  on the Airbus  equipment.  In order to
maintain  competitive  pay for pilots,  a revised pilot pay schedule was negotiated with
the Frontier  Airline  Pilots  Association  (FAPA) for an  approximate  2.5% increase in
salaries.  The FAPA  members  accepted  this  proposal,  which was  effective  August 1,
2002. We pay pilot and flight  attendant  salaries for initial  training,  consisting of
approximately  six and  three  weeks,  respectively,  prior to  scheduled  increases  in
service,  which can cause the  compensation  expense  during such periods to appear high
in  relationship  to the average  number of aircraft in service.  We expect  these costs
to continue to increase as we place more aircraft  into  service.  During the year ended
March 31,  2002,  FAPA agreed to an 11%  decrease in salaries  for all pilots in lieu of
furloughs as a result of the  September  11, 2001  terrorist  attacks.  The pilot salary
levels were reinstated effective January 1, 2002.

       <i>Aircraft  fuel expense</i>.  Aircraft  fuel expenses  include both the direct cost of
fuel  including  taxes  as well as the  cost  of  delivering  fuel  into  the  aircraft.
Aircraft fuel costs of  $85,897,000  for  89,236,000  gallons used and  $61,226,000  for
70,530,000 gallons used  resulted in an average fuel cost of 96(cent)and 87(cent)per gallon
for the years ended March 31, 2003 and 2002,  respectively.  Fuel  prices are  subject to
change weekly, as we purchase a very small portion in advance for inventory.

       We initiated a fuel hedging  program in late November  2002,  which allowed us to
reduce fuel  expenses  during the year ended March 31, 2003 by  approximately  $725,000.
Fuel  consumption  for the years  ended  March 31,  2003 and 2002  averaged  742 and 763
gallons per block hour,  respectively.  Fuel  consumption  per block hour decreased 2.8%
during the year ended March 31,  2003 from the prior  comparable  period  because of the
more  fuel-efficient  Airbus  aircraft  added  to our  fleet,  and a  fuel  conservation
program implemented in August 2001.

       <i>Aircraft and Traffic  Servicing</i>.  Aircraft and traffic  servicing  expenses  were
$86,448,000  and  $70,202,000  (an increase of 23.1%) for the years ended March 31, 2003
and 2002,  respectively,  and  represented  18.4% and 15.8% of total  revenue.  Aircraft
and traffic  servicing  expenses  include all expenses  incurred at airports,  including
landing  fees,  facilities  rental,   station  labor,  ground  handling  expenses,   and
interrupted  trip expenses  associated  with delayed or cancelled  flights.  Interrupted
trip  expenses are amounts paid to other  airlines to  reaccommodate  passengers as well
as hotel, meal and other incidental  expenses.  Aircraft and traffic servicing  expenses
increase  with the  addition of new cities and  departures  to our route  system.  As of
March 31,  2003,  we served 38 cities  compared  to 30 during the year  ended  March 31,
2002,  or an increase of 26.7%.  During the year ended March 31,  2003,  our  departures
increased  to 53,081  from 41,736 or 27.2%.  Aircraft  and  traffic  servicing  expenses
were  $1,629 per  departure  for the year ended March 31, 2003 as compared to $1,682 per
departure  for the year  ended  March 31,  2002,  or a  decrease  of $53 per  departure.
Aircraft  and traffic  servicing  expenses  increased as a result of a general wage rate
increase  and an  increase  in  interrupted  trip  expenses as a result of the number of
flight  cancellations  related  to the  aircraft  out of  service  for  repair  of  hail
damage.  The  September 11  terrorist  attacks  caused us to reduce our flight  schedule
and related  capacity from October 2001 through  February  2002,  which caused our fixed
costs to be spread over fewer  departures  and  increased our expenses per departure for
the year ended March 31, 2002.

       <i>Maintenance</i>.  Maintenance  expenses  for the years  ended March 31, 2003 and 2002
of  $75,559,000  and  $68,560,000  (pro  forma  amount  adjusting  for the effect of the
accounting  change),  respectively,  were 16.1% and 15.4% of total revenue,  an increase
of  10.2%.  These  include  all  labor,  parts  and  supplies  expenses  related  to the
maintenance  of  the  aircraft.   Maintenance  is  charged  to  maintenance  expense  as
incurred.  During the year ended March 31, 2002, we had previously  accrued  monthly for
major engine overhauls and heavy  maintenance  checks.  Maintenance costs per block hour
for the  years  ended  March  31,  2003 and 2002  were  $628  and $742 per  block  hour,
respectively,  a  decrease  of 18.2%.  Maintenance  cost per block hour  decreased  as a
result of the  addition of new Airbus  aircraft  that are less  costly to maintain  than
our  older  Boeing  aircraft.  During  the  year  ended  March  31,  2003,  we  incurred
approximately  $21,600, or less than $1 per block hour for Airbus maintenance  training,
compared to $881,000  or $10 per block hour for the year ended  March 31,  2002.  Due to
the flight  cancellations as a result of the September 11 terrorist  attacks,  our block
hours were less than we had  planned,  which  caused our fixed  costs to be spread  over
fewer  block hours and,  we  believe,  distorted  our cost per block hour for year ended
March 31, 2002.

       In July 2001, our mechanics voted to be represented by International  Brotherhood
of  Teamsters.  The first  bargaining  agreement for the  mechanics,  which has a 3-year
term,  was  ratified  and made  effective  in July 2002.  The  effect of this  agreement
increased mechanics' salaries by approximately 12% over the term of the agreement.

       <i>Promotion  and  Sales</i>.  Promotion  and sales  expenses  totaled  $53,032,000  and
$59,459,000  and were 11.3% and 13.4% of total  revenue  for the years  ended  March 31,
2003 and 2002,  respectively.  These include  advertising  expenses,  telecommunications
expenses,  wages and  benefits  for  reservation  agents and  reservations  supervision,
marketing  management and sales personnel,  credit card fees, travel agency  commissions
and computer  reservations  costs.  During the year ended March 31, 2003,  promotion and
sales  expenses per  passenger  decreased to $13.51 from $19.37 for the year ended March
31,  2002.  Promotion  and  sales  expenses  per  passenger  decreased  as a  result  of
variable  expenses  which are based on lower average fares,  the overall  elimination of
substantially  all travel agency  commissions  effective on tickets sold after May
31, 2002 and a decrease in advertising  expenses.  We reduced advertising  expenses from
the prior  comparable  period as efforts were put into identifying who our customers are
and developing our brand in preparation  for a new advertising  campaign.  The campaign,
which was scheduled to begin in our fourth fiscal  quarter,  was postponed  until fiscal
year 2004 as a result of the war in Iraq.  During  the year  ended  March 31,  2002,  we
incurred  costs  associated  with the  start-up  and  promotion  of our  frequent  flyer
program as well as the redesign of our web site.

       <i>General and  Administrative</i>.  General and  administrative  expenses for the years
ended March 31, 2003 and 2002 totaled  $26,061,000  and  $26,174,000,  and were 5.5% and
5.9% of total  revenue,  respectively.  During the year ended  March 31, 2002 we accrued
for employee  performance bonuses totaling  $2,521,000,  which was .6% of total revenue.
Bonuses  are  based on  profitability.  As a  result  of our  pre-tax  loss for the year
ended March 31, 2003, we did not accrue  bonuses.  General and  administrative  expenses
include the wages and benefits for several of our  executive  officers and various other
administrative personnel including legal, accounting,  information technology,  aircraft
procurement,  corporate communications,  training and human resources and other expenses
associated  with these  departments.  Employee  health  benefits,  accrued  vacation and
bonus  expenses  (when  profitable),   general  insurance  expenses  including  worker's
compensation,  and  write-offs  associated  with  credit  card and check  fraud are also
included in general and administrative  expenses.  We experienced increases in our human
resources,  training and information  technology  expenses as a result of an increase in
employees from approximately  2,700 in March 2002 to approximately  3,160 in March 2003,
an  increase  of 17.0%.  Because of the  increase  in  personnel,  our health  insurance
benefit  expenses,   workers  compensation,   and  accrued  vacation  expense  increased
accordingly.  During the year  ended  March 31,  2003,  we  brought  revenue  accounting
in-house.  We previously  had  outsourced  this  function.  We have realized a reduction
in  expenses  totaling  approximately  $1,000,000  associated  with  processing  revenue
accounting transactions.

       <i>Depreciation  and  Amortization</i>.   Depreciation  and  amortization   expenses  of
$17,650,000 and $11,587,000,  an increase of 52.3%, were  approximately 3.8% and 2.6% of
total  revenue  for the  years  ended  March  31,  2003 and  2002,  respectively.  These
expenses include  depreciation of aircraft and aircraft  components,  office  equipment,
ground station  equipment and other fixed assets.  Depreciation  expense  increased over
the prior year due to an  increase  in the  number of Airbus  A319  aircraft  owned from
three at March 31, 2002 to nine at March 31, 2003.

       <i>Nonoperating  Income (Expense)</i>.  Net nonoperating expense totaled $8,885,000 for
the year ended March 31, 2003  compared to net  nonoperating  income of  $8,447,000  for
the year ended March 31,  2002.  During the year ended  March 31,  2002,  we  recognized
$12,703,000  of  compensation  as a result of payments  under the  Stabilization  Act to
offset  direct  and  incremental  losses we  experienced  as a result  of the  terrorist
attacks on September  11, 2001.  We received a total of  $17,538,000  as of December 31,
2001.  The  remaining  $4,835,000  represents  amounts  received in excess of  estimated
allowable  direct and  incremental  losses  incurred from September 11, 2001 to December
31, 2001, which we repaid during the year ended March 31, 2003.

       Interest  income  decreased  to  $1,883,000  during the year ended March 31, 2003
from  $4,388,000  for the prior period due to a decrease in cash balances as a result of
cash used for pre-delivery  payments for future purchases of aircraft,  our net loss for
the period and a decrease in interest rates.  Interest  expense  increased to $8,041,000
for the year ended March 31, 2003 from  $3,383,000  for the prior  period as a result of
interest expense  associated with the financing of additional  purchased Airbus aircraft
and a $70,000,000 loan facility obtained to increase our liquidity.

       During the year ended March 31, 2003, we completed a  sale-leaseback  transaction
of one of our purchased  aircraft and paid off the loan that was  collateralized by this
aircraft.  As a result  we  incurred  $1,774,000  in  costs  associated  with the  early
extinguishment of this debt.

       During the year ended March 31, 2002, we negotiated  early lease  terminations on
two of  our  Boeing  737-200  aircraft  resulting  in a  pre-tax  charge  of  $4,914,000
representing a negotiated settlement of future rent amounts due.

       <i>Income Tax Expense</i>.  We accrued an income tax benefit of $14,655,000 during the
year ended  March 31,  2003 at a 37.1%  effective  tax rate,  compared  to an income tax
expense  accrual of $8,282,000  for the year ended March 31, 2002, at a 38.7%  effective
tax rate.  The  expected  benefit for the year ended March 31, 2003 at a federal rate of
35% plus the blended  state rate of 3.7% (net of federal tax  benefit) is reduced by the
tax effect of permanent  differences  of 1%.  During the year ended March 31,  2001,  we
accrued  income  tax  expense  at the rate of 38.7%  which was  greater  than the actual
effective  tax rate of 37.6%  determined  upon  completion  and filing of the income tax
returns in December  2001.  During the year ended March 31,  2002,  we recorded a credit
to income tax  expense  totaling  $1,327,000  for this excess  accrual.  During the year
ended March 31, 2002, we also  recorded a $441,000  reduction to income tax expense as a
result of a review  and  revision  of state  tax  apportionment  factors  used in filing
amended state tax returns for 2000.


<b>Results of Operations - Year Ended March 31, 2002 Compared to Year Ended March 31, 2001

General</b>

       During  the year  ended  March  31,  2002,  we  expanded  our  fleet to 27 leased
aircraft and four purchased  Airbus A319 aircraft,  comprised of seven Boeing  737-200s,
17 Boeing 737-300s, and seven Airbus A319s

       Beginning in May 2001,  we began a fleet  replacement  plan to replace our Boeing
aircraft with new  purchased  and leased Airbus jet aircraft.  We advanced the return of
one leased Boeing  737-300  aircraft to its owner from April 2002 to September  2001 and
two leased Boeing  737-200  aircraft  from  September and November 2004 to November 2002
and January 2003.

       During the fiscal year ended March 31,  2002 we added  Houston,  Texas on May 16,
2001,  Reno/Lake  Tahoe,  Nevada and Austin,  Texas,  on October 1, 2001,  New  Orleans,
Louisiana on February 1, 2002, Sacramento,  California, and Fort Lauderdale,  Florida on
February 26, 2002.

<b>Air Transportation Safety and Stabilization Act</b>

       As a result of the September 11, 2001 terrorist  attacks on the United States, on
September  22,  2001  President  Bush  signed  into  law the  Stabilization  Act,  which
provided,  among other things,  for  compensation  to U.S.  passenger and cargo airlines
for direct and  increment  losses  incurred  from  September  11, 2001 to  December  31,
2002.  We received compensation of $12,703,000 during the year ended March 31, 2002.

<b>Results of Operations</b>

       We had net income of $16,550,000  or 56(cent)per diluted share for the year ended
March 31, 2002 as compared to net income of  $54,868,000  or $1.90 per diluted share for
the year ended March 31,  2001, a decrease of  $38,318,000  or 69.9%.  On September  11,
2001, the FAA  temporarily  suspended all commercial  airline flights as a result of the
terrorist  attacks on the United States.  As a result of this  suspension,  we cancelled
407  scheduled  flights  until we resumed  operations  on September  14, 2001.  After we
resumed  operations,  we cancelled 303 additional  scheduled  flights through  September
30,  2001 as a result of  diminished  consumer  demand.  During the year ended March 31,
2002,  our daily  average  aircraft  block hour  utilization  decreased  to 9.1 from 9.4
during the prior  comparable  period ended March 31, 2001,  as we reduced  approximately
18.2% of departures  originally  scheduled during that period.  Due to high fixed costs,
we continued to incur a  significant  portion of our normal  operating  expenses  during
the period from  September  11, 2001 through  December  31, 2001 and incurred  operating
losses.

       As a result, we recognized  $12,703,000 of the compensation we received under the
Act, which  compensated for direct and incremental  losses incurred by air carriers from
September  11, 2001 through  December 31, 2001.  Our fiscal year net income  included an
after-tax  gain of $7,749,000  from the Federal grant  program;  a $922,000  write-down,
net of taxes,  for the carrying  value of spare parts that  support our Boeing  737-200A
aircraft  and an unusual  charge of  $2,998,000,  net of taxes,  for the early return of
two Boeing 737-200  aircraft.  Without these unusual  items,  we would have reported net
income of $12,721,000, or $0.43 per diluted common share.

       During the year ended March 31,  2002,  we took  delivery of our first six Airbus
aircraft.  Because this was a new aircraft  type for us, we were  required by the FAA to
demonstrate  that our crews were  proficient in flying Airbus  aircraft and that we were
capable of properly  maintaining the aircraft and related  maintenance records before we
placed these aircraft in scheduled  passenger service.  This process took longer than we
originally  had  anticipated  and, as a result,  we were  required  to cancel  scheduled
flights  that the first  aircraft was  scheduled to perform.  We believe that this delay
in receiving  necessary FAA approval  adversely  affected our passenger revenues and our
cost per ASM during the year ended March 31, 2002.

       Our CASM for the year ended March 31, 2002 was 9.33(cent)and for the year ended
March 31, 2001 was 9.20(cent), or an increase of .13(cent)or 1.4%. CASM excluding fuel
for the years ended March 31, 2002 and 2001 were 8.00(cent)and 7.54(cent), respectively,
or an increase of .46(cent)or 6.1%.  Our CASM increased during the year ended March 31,
2002 over the prior comparable year principally  because of the decreased aircraft
utilization and shorter stage lengths during that period. These expenses were impacted
by  the terrorist attacks and the hail damage to five of our aircraft, or approximately
20% of our fleet, during the year ended  March 31, 2002.  During the year ended  March 31,
2002,  we wrote down the carrying  value of spare parts that support the Boeing  737-200
aircraft  by  $1,512,000  as a result  of  diminished  demand  for that  aircraft  type,
resulting in an increase of .03(cent)per ASM for the period.  We incurred short-term lease
expenses for substitute  aircraft to minimize the number of flight  cancellations  while
the hail damage to our  aircraft was being  repaired,  additional  maintenance  expenses
for the repair of the hail  damage,  and  interrupted  trip  expenses as a result of the
number of flight  cancellations  related  to the  aircraft  out of service  for  repair.
During April 2001, the Denver area also  experienced an unusual  blizzard,  which caused
flight cancellations  as well as expenses  associated  with  deicing our  aircraft.  We
estimate that the  total  adverse  impact on our CASM  associated  with  these  unusual
weather conditions was .04(cent), or approximately  $1,893,000, for the year ended March 31,
2002.  During the year ended March 31, 2002,  we incurred  approximately  $4,511,000  in
transition expenses  associated with the induction of the Airbus aircraft,  which had an
adverse  effect  on  our  CASM  of  approximately  .10(cent)per  ASM. These include crew
salaries;  travel,  training and induction team expenses;  and depreciation  expense. An
increase in pilots'  salaries  effective in May 2001 also contributed to the increase in
CASM  during  the  year  ended  March  31,  2002.   Additionally,   due  to  the  flight
cancellations  as a result of the  September  11  terrorist  attacks  and these  weather
conditions,  our ASMs were less than we had planned,  which caused our fixed costs to be
spread over fewer ASMs and, we believe, distorted our CASM for the period.

       For the year ended March 31, 2002, our break-even  load factor was 57.6% compared
to our  achieved  passenger  load factor of 60.0%.  For the year ended  March 31,  2001,
our break-even  load factor was 52.7% compared to the passenger load factor  achieved of
65.1%.  Our  break-even  load  factor  increased  for the year ended March 31, 2002 from
the prior  comparable  period  largely as a result of a decrease in our average  fare to
$132  during the year ended  March 31,  2002 from $146  during the year ended  March 31,
2001, compounded by an increase in our expense  per ASM to 9.33(cent)for the year ended
March 31, 2002 from 9.20(cent)for the year ended March 31, 2001.

<b>Revenues</b>

       Our  average  fare for the year  ended  March 31,  2002 was $132 and for the year
ended March 31, 2001 was $146.  We believe  that the decrease in the average fare during
the year ended March 31, 2002 from the prior  comparable  year was  principally a result
of the  slowing  economy.  During the year  ended  March 31,  2001,  we  experienced  an
increase  in the number of  passengers  that United  Airlines  directed to us because of
delays and  cancellations  that airline  experienced.  We estimate  that the  additional
passenger  traffic  received  from that  airline had the effect of  increasing  our load
factor and  average  fare for the year ended  March 31,  2001 by  approximately  .6 load
factor points and .9%, respectively.

       <i>Passenger  Revenues</i>.  Passenger revenues totaled  $435,946,000 for the year ended
March 31,  2002  compared  to  $462,609,000  for the year  ended  March 31,  2001,  or a
decrease of 5.8%,  on  increased  capacity of  331,837,000  ASMs or 7.8%.  The number of
revenue  passengers  carried was 3,069,000 for the year ended March 31, 2002 compared to
3,017,000  for the year ended March 31,  2001 or an increase of 1.7%.  We had an average
of 27.8  aircraft  in our fleet  during the year ended  March 31,  2002  compared  to an
average of 24.5  aircraft  during the year ended March 31,  2001,  an increase of 13.5%.
RPMs for the year ended March 31,  2002 were  2,756,965,000  compared  to  2,773,833,000
for the year ended March 31,  2001,  a decrease of .6%.  We believe  that our  cancelled
flights due to the  terrorist  attacks and weather had an adverse  effect on our revenue
during the period.

       Cargo  revenues,  consisting of revenues  from freight and mail service,  totaled
$6,624,000  and  $7,517,000  for the years ended March 31, 2002 and 2001,  respectively,
representing  1.5% and 1.6% of total  operating  revenues,  respectively,  a decrease of
11.9%.  We believe  that our cargo  revenues  were  impacted by the  slowing  economy as
well  as the  flight  cancellations  as a  result  of the  terrorist  attacks,  and  the
resulting  limitations  placed on cargo  service as a result of the  terrorist  attacks.
This adjunct to the  passenger  business is highly  competitive  and depends  heavily on
aircraft  scheduling,  alternate  competitive  means of same day  delivery  service  and
schedule reliability.

       Other revenues,  comprised  principally of interline  handling fees, liquor sales
and excess baggage fees,  totaled  $2,505,000  and $2,751,000 or .6% of total  operating
revenues for each of the years ended March 31, 2002 and 2001, respectively.

<b>Operating Expenses</b>

       Total operating  expenses were $428,689,000 and $392,155,000,  respectively,  for
the years  ended  March  31,  2002 and 2001,  and  represented  96.4% and 82.9% of total
revenue,  respectively.  Operating  expenses increased as a percentage of revenue during
the year ended March 31, 2002 as a result of the 5.8%  decrease in  passenger  revenues,
associated with the slowing economy and the September 11 terrorist attacks.

       <i>Flight  Operations</i>.  Flight operations  expenses of $129,814,000 and $108,370,000
were  29.2% and 22.9% of total  revenue  for the years  ended  March 31,  2002 and 2001,
respectively.  Included in flight  operations  expenses  during the year ended March 31,
2002  is   approximately   $3,086,000   for   Airbus   training   and   related   travel
expenses.

       Aircraft  lease  expenses  totaled  $64,990,000  (14.6%  of  total  revenue)  and
$61,194,000  (13% of total  revenue)  for the  years  ended  March  31,  2002 and  2001,
respectively,  or an  increase  of 6.2%.  The  increase is largely due to an increase in
the  average  number of leased  aircraft  to 25.8 from  24.5,  or 5.3%,  during the year
ended March 31, 2002 compared to the same period in 2001.

       Aircraft  insurance  expenses totaled  $5,324,000 (1.2% of total revenue) for the
year ended March 31,  2002.  Aircraft  insurance  expenses  for the year ended March 31,
2001 were  $3,241,000  (.7% of total  revenue).  Aircraft  insurance  expenses were .19(cent)
and .12(cent)per RPM for the years  ended March 31,  2002 and 2001,  respectively.  Aircraft
insurance  expenses  during the year ended March 31, 2002 were not fully impacted by the
result of the  terrorist  attacks on  September  11,  2001.  Immediately  following  the
events of September 11, Our aviation war risk  underwriters  issued seven days notice of
cancellation  to us. On  September  24, 2001,  these  underwriters  reinstated  war risk
passenger  liability  coverage but limited third party bodily injury and property damage
to $50 million per occurrence.  A special  surcharge of $1.25 per passenger  carried was
established  as the premium for this  coverage.  At the same time,  the FAA  provided us
supplemental  third  party  war  risk  coverage  from  the  $50  million  limit  to $1.6
billion.  The premium for this supplemental coverage was $7.50 per flight departure.

       Pilot and flight  attendant  salaries  before payroll taxes and benefits  totaled
$32,042,000  and  $22,475,000  or 7.4% and  4.9% of  passenger  revenue  for each of the
years  ended March 31, 2002 and 2001,  or an  increase  of 42.6%.  The first  bargaining
agreement for the pilots,  which has a five-year  term,  was ratified and made effective
in May 2000.  In May 2001,  we agreed to  reconsider  the current rates of pay under our
collective  bargaining  agreement  with our pilots in part because  several pilot unions
at other air carriers  received wage  increases,  which caused our pilot  salaries to be
substantially  below those paid by certain of our  competitors.  We  submitted a revised
pilot  pay  proposal  to FAPA,  and its  members  accepted  this  proposal  and was made
effective  May  2001.  Pilot and  flight  attendant  compensation  also  increased  as a
result of a 13.5%  increase  in the average  number of aircraft in service,  an increase
of 10.4% in block  hours,  a general wage  increase in flight  attendant  salaries,  and
additional crews required  replacing those attending  training on the Airbus  equipment.
During the three  months  ended  December  31,  2001,  FAPA agreed to an 11% decrease in
salaries  for all pilots in lieu of  furloughs  as a result of the  September  11,  2001
terrorist attacks.  The pilot salary levels were reinstated effective January 1, 2002.

       <i>Aircraft  fuel  expenses</i>.  Aircraft  fuel  costs of  $61,226,000  for  70,530,000
gallons used and  $71,083,000  for  66,724,000  gallons used resulted in an average fuel
cost of 87(cent)and  $1.07  per  gallon  for the  years  ended  March  31,  2002  and  2001,
respectively.  Fuel  consumption  for the year ended  March 31,  2002 and 2001  averaged
763 and 797 gallons per block hour,  respectively.  Fuel consumption  decreased from the
prior  comparable  periods  because  of  a  decrease  in  our  load  factors,  the  more
fuel-efficient   Airbus  aircraft  added  to  our  fleet  and  a  newly  developed  fuel
conservation  program  implemented  in August  2001.  Fuel  consumption  also  decreased
during the year ended March 31, 2002 from the prior  comparable  period also as a result
of  decreased  use of the Boeing  737-200  aircraft,  which have a higher fuel burn rate
than the Boeing 737-300 and Airbus A319 aircraft.

       <i>Aircraft and Traffic  Servicing</i>.  Aircraft and traffic  servicing  expenses  were
$70,202,000  and  $60,408,000  (an increase of 16.3%) for the years ended March 31, 2002
and 2001,  respectively,  and  represented  15.8% and 12.8% of total  revenue.  Aircraft
and traffic  servicing  expenses increase with the addition of new cities and departures
to our  route  system.  During  the year  ended  March  31,  2002,  we  served 30 cities
compared to 23 during the year ended  March 31,  2001,  or an increase of 30.4%.  During
the year ended  March 31,  2002,  our  departures  increased  to 41,736  from  38,556 or
8.2%.  Aircraft and traffic  servicing  expenses  were $1,682 per departure for the year
ended March 31, 2002 as  compared to $1,567 per  departure  for the year ended March 31,
2001,  or an increase of $115 per  departure.  Aircraft and traffic  servicing  expenses
increased as a result of expenses  associated  with deicing in April 2001 as a result of
an  unusual  spring  blizzard,   a  general  wage  rate  increase  and  an  increase  in
interrupted trip expenses as a result of the number of flight  cancellations  related to
the  aircraft  out of service  for repair of hail  damage.  Additionally,  our  security
expenses  increased  during the year ended March 31, 2002,  from  $1,762,000  during the
year ended March 31, 2001 to  $3,871,000  for the year ended March 31, 2002,  or 119.7%,
as a result of the  September  11,  2001  terrorist  attacks.  Additionally,  due to the
number  of  flight  cancellations  as a result  of  weather  conditions,  as well as the
September  11  terrorist  attacks,  the  number  of  departures  were  less  than we had
planned,  which  caused  our fixed  costs to be spread  over  fewer  departures  thereby
increasing our expenses per departure for the year ended March 31, 2002.

       <i>Maintenance</i>.  Maintenance  expenses  for the years  ended March 31, 2002 and 2001
of $70,227,000  and  $65,529,000,  respectively,  were 15.8% and 13.9% of total revenue,
an increase of 7.2%.  These include all labor,  parts and supplies  expenses  related to
the maintenance of the aircraft.  Routine  maintenance is charged to maintenance expense
as incurred  while major engine  overhauls  and heavy  maintenance  checks  expense were
accrued  monthly.  During  the year  ended  March 31,  2003,  we  changed  our method of
accounting for  maintenance to the direct expense method for major engine  overhauls and
heavy  maintenance  checks.  Maintenance  costs per block hour for the years ended March
31,  2002 and 2001 were $760 and $783 per block  hour,  respectively.  Maintenance  cost
per  block  hour  decreased  during  the year  ended  March  31,  2002  from  the  prior
comparable  year as a result of decreased  utilization  of our Boeing  737-200  aircraft
which are older and more costly to maintain than our other  aircraft.  Additionally,  we
added six new Airbus  aircraft  that are less costly to maintain  than our older  Boeing
aircraft.  These  maintenance  savings  were  offset or  distorted  by several  factors.
During the year ended March 31,  2002,  we incurred  approximately  $881,000  for Airbus
training  or $10 per  block  hour.  Also,  during  the year  ended  March 31,  2002,  we
decreased  the number of our  departures  as a result of decreased  consumer  demand for
air travel and reduced the  utilization of our Boeing 737-200  aircraft,  which are more
costly  to  maintain.  We also  incurred  increased  costs in  personnel,  training  and
information  technology  expenses for  implementation of new maintenance and engineering
software  and  in  preparation  for  the  Airbus  transition.  Additionally,  due to the
flight  cancellations as a result of the September 11 terrorist  attacks and the adverse
spring weather conditions,  our block hours were less than we had planned,  which caused
our fixed costs to be spread over fewer  block  hours and,  we  believe,  distorted  our
cost per block hour for the year ended March 31, 2002.

       <i>Promotion  and  Sales</i>.  Promotion  and sales  expenses  totaled  $59,459,000  and
$55,881,000  and were 13.4% and 11.8% of total  revenue  for the years  ended  March 31,
2002 and 2001,  respectively.  These include  advertising  expenses,  telecommunications
expenses,  wages  and  benefits  for  reservation  agents  and  supervision,   marketing
management  and sales  personnel,  credit  card  fees,  travel  agency  commissions  and
computer reservations costs.

       During the year ended March 31, 2002,  promotion and sales expenses per passenger
increased  to $19.37  from  $18.52  for the year ended  March 31,  2001.  Promotion  and
sales  increased per  passenger  over the prior  comparable  year largely as a result of
increased  advertising  for  additional  fare sales  offered  during the year as well as
advertising  in the new  cities we entered  this year.  Travel  agency  commissions  and
interline  service  charges and handling  fees,  as a percentage  of passenger  revenue,
before non-revenue  passengers,  administrative  fees and breakage (revenue from expired
tickets),  decreased to 3% for the year ended March 31,  2002,  compared to 3.5% for the
year  ended  March  31,  2001 as a  result  of the cap we put on  commissions  effective
September  2001.  With increased  activity on our web site, our calls per passenger have
decreased.  Because of the  increase  in web site  activity,  as well as a  decrease  in
long distance  rates,  we  experienced  a decrease in  communications  expense.  In July
2000,  we opened an  additional  reservations  facility  in Las  Cruces,  New Mexico and
simultaneously   terminated  an  outsourcing  agreement,   which  reduced  our  cost  of
reservations.

       <i>General and  Administrative</i>.  General and  administrative  expenses for the years
ended March 31, 2002 and 2001 totaled  $26,174,000  and  $25,429,000,  and were 5.9% and
5.3% of total revenue,  respectively.  During the years,  ended March 31, 2002 and 2001,
we  accrued  for  employee  performance  bonuses  totaling  $2,521,000  and  $7,009,000,
respectively,  which  were  .6%  and  1.5% of  total  revenue,  a  decrease  of 64%.  We
experienced  increases  in our human  resources,  training  and  information  technology
expenses as a result of an  increase  in  employees  from  approximately  2,360 in March
2001 to  approximately  2,700 in March 2002,  an increase  of 14.4%.  Also,  the cost of
health insurance  premiums  increased to $4,239,000 during the year ended March 31, 2002
from $2,166,000  during the prior comparable  period,  an increase of 95.7%.  Because of
the increase in personnel,  our health insurance  benefits expenses and accrued vacation
expense  increased  accordingly.  During the year ended March 31, 2002, we also incurred
start-up costs associated with the  implementation  of our in-house  revenue  accounting
department which began processing effective with April 2002 sales and revenue.

       <i>Depreciation  and  Amortization</i>.   Depreciation  and  amortization   expenses  of
$11,587,000 and $5,455,000,  an increase of 112.4%,  were approximately 2.6% and 1.2% of
total  revenue  for the  years  ended  March  31,  2002 and  2001,  respectively.  These
expenses include  depreciation of aircraft and aircraft  components,  office  equipment,
ground station  equipment and other fixed assets.  Depreciation  expense  increased over
the prior  year as a result of  depreciation  expense  associated  with our first  three
purchased  aircraft,  an increase in our spare parts  inventory  including spare engines
and parts for the Airbus  fleet,  ground  handling  equipment,  and computers to support
new employees as well as replacement computers for those with outdated technology.

       <i>Nonoperating  Income (Expense)</i>.  Net nonoperating  income totaled  $8,447,000 for
the year ended  March 31,  2002  compared  to  $7,611,000  for the year ended  March 31,
2001.  During the year ended March 31, 2002, we recognized  $12,703,000 of  compensation
as a result of payments  under the  Stabilization  Act to offset direct and  incremental
losses we  experienced  as a result of the  terrorist  attacks on September 11, 2001. We
received a total of  $17,538,000  as of December  31,  2001;  the  remaining  $4,835,000
represents  amounts  received in excess of estimated  allowable  direct and  incremental
losses  incurred  from  September  11,  2001 to  December  31, 2001 and is included as a
deferred liability on our balance sheet.

       Interest income  decreased to $4,388,000  from  $7,897,000  during the year ended
March 31,  2002 from the prior year due to a decrease  in cash  balances  as a result of
cash used for  pre-delivery  payments  for future  purchases  of  aircraft,  spare parts
inventories  largely  for the  new  Airbus  fleet  and a  decrease  in  interest  rates.
Interest  expense  increased  to  $3,383,000  for the year  ended  March  31,  2002 from
$94,000 as a result of  interest  expense  associated  with the  financing  of the first
three purchased Airbus aircraft received in May, August and September 2001.

       During the year ended March 31, 2002, we negotiated  early lease  terminations on
two of  our  Boeing  737-200  aircraft  resulting  in a  pre-tax  charge  of  $4,914,000
representing a negotiated settlement of future rent amounts due.

       <i>Income Tax Expense</i>.  We accrued  income taxes of $8,282,000  and  $33,465,000  at
38.7%  of  taxable  income  for  each of the  years  ended  March  31,  2002  and  2001,
respectively.  During  the year ended  March 31,  2002,  we  recorded a credit to income
tax  expense  totaling  $1,327,000.  During the year ended  March 31,  2001,  we accrued
income tax  expense at the rate of 38.7%  which was  greater  than the actual  effective
tax rate of 37.6%  determined  upon  completion  and filing of the income tax returns in
December  2001.  During  the year  ended  March 31,  2002,  we also  recorded a $441,000
reduction  to income  tax  expense  as a result of a review  and  revision  of state tax
apportionment factors used in filing amended state tax returns for 2000.


<b>Liquidity and Capital Resources</b>

       Our liquidity  depends to a large extent on the number of passengers who fly with
us, the fares we charge,  our  operating  and capital  expenditures,  and our  financing
activities.  We depend on lease or mortgage  financing  to acquire all of our  aircraft,
including  six  additional  Airbus  aircraft as of May 31, 2003  scheduled  for delivery
through April 2004.

       We had cash and cash  equivalents and short-term  investments of $104,880,000 and
$89,555,000  at March  31,  2003  and  2002,  respectively.  At March  31,  2003,  total
current  assets  were   $190,838,000  as  compared  to  $130,047,000  of  total  current
liabilities,  resulting in working  capital of  $60,791,000.  At March 31,  2002,  total
current  assets  were   $193,393,000  as  compared  to  $152,064,000  of  total  current
liabilities,  resulting  in working  capital of  $41,329,000.  The  increase in our cash
and  working  capital  from March 31, 2002 is largely a result of the  $70,000,000  loan
obtained  in  February  2003  as a  result  of  participating  in  the  government  loan
guarantee   program  provided  for  under  the   Stabilization   Act  coupled  with  the
sale-leaseback  of one of our  purchased  aircraft.  This was  offset  by cash  used for
investing  activities,  principally as a result of the purchase of six additional Airbus
A319  aircraft,  partially  offset by cash  provided by financing  activities to finance
the aircraft  purchases.  Pre-delivery  payments  previously made for purchased aircraft
that were  delivered  to us during the year ended  March 31,  2003 were  applied as down
payments toward the purchase of these aircraft.

       Cash  provided  by  operating  activities  for the year ended  March 31, 2003 was
$388,000.  This is attributable to a $39,000,000  decrease in net income,  a decrease in
receivables  and  prepaid  expenses,  an  increase  in  accounts  payable  and  deferred
liabilities,  an  increase  in  deferred  expenses  and  inventories,  decreases  in air
traffic  liability,   and  the  repayment  of  excess   Stabilization  Act  compensation
received.  Included in cash provided by operating  activities was a $10,000,000  advance
payment on the new  affinity  card  program we  launched in May 2003.  Cash  provided by
operating  activities  for the  year  ended  March  31,  2002 was  $40,294,000.  This is
attributable  to our net income for the period,  increase in deferred tax  expense,  and
increases  in  air  traffic  liability,  other  accrued  expenses,  accrued  maintenance
expenses,  and deferred rent, offset by increases in restricted  investments,  security,
maintenance  and other deposits,  and  inventories,  and decreases in accounts  payable.
Also,  included in cash  provided by operating  activities  for the year ended March 31,
2002 is $4,835,000  of amounts  received in excess of allowable  direct and  incremental
losses  reimbursable  under the  Stabilization  Act incurred from  September 11, 2001 to
December  31, 2001.  This amount is included as a liability  on our balance  sheet as of
March 31, 2002.

       Cash  used in  investing  activities  for the  year  ended  March  31,  2003  was
$194,849,000.   We  used   $239,308,000  for  the  purchase  of  six  additional  Airbus
aircraft,  rotable  aircraft  components,  LiveTV  for the  Airbus  aircraft,  leasehold
improvements  and other general  equipment  purchases.  Net aircraft  lease and purchase
deposits  and  restricted   investments   decreased  by  $12,892,000   and   $1,177,000,
respectively,  during  this  period.  During  the year  ended  March 31,  2003,  we took
delivery of six  purchased  Airbus  aircraft and applied their  respective  pre-delivery
payments   to  the   purchase  of  those   aircraft.   Additionally,   we   completed  a
sale-leaseback  transaction  on one of our  purchased  aircraft  and assigned a purchase
commitment  on  another   Airbus  A319  to  a  lessor,   generating   cash  proceeds  of
approximately  $12,306,000  from  the  sale  of  one  aircraft  and  the  return  of the
pre-delivery  payments  relating  to the  purchase  commitment  assigned.  We  agreed to
lease both of these aircraft over a five-year  term.  Cash used by investing  activities
for the year ended March 31, 2002 was  $134,529,000.  Net  aircraft  lease and  purchase
deposits  increased by  $17,483,000.  During the year ended March 31, 2002, we exercised
purchase  options for three Airbus A319  aircraft,  and advanced  their  delivery  dates
from  the  third  and  fourth  calendar  quarters  of 2004 to May and June  2002,  which
required  deposits of  $9,603,000.  Additionally,  we amended the purchase  agreement to
add two additional  Airbus A319 aircraft,  for delivery in December 2002, which required
additional  deposits  in March 2002 of  $3,602,000.  We also used  $118,183,000  for the
purchase  of  our  first  three  Airbus  aircraft  and  to  purchase   rotable  aircraft
components  to  support  the  Airbus  fleet,  as well as a spare  engine  for the Boeing
fleet,  leasehold  improvements for our new reservations  center,  computer software for
the new maintenance and accounting systems and other general equipment purchases.

       Cash  provided  by  financing  activities  for the years ended March 31, 2003 and
2002 were  $209,787,000  and  $72,538,000,  respectively.  In February 2003, we received
$70,000,000 from the Government  Guaranteed Loan, of which  $63,000,000 is guaranteed by
the  federal  government  as  a  result  of  a  loan  program  provided  for  under  the
Stabilization  Act.  During  the years  ended  March 31,  2003 and  March 31,  2002,  we
borrowed  $171,000,000  and  $72,000,000,  respectively,  to finance  the  purchases  of
Airbus aircraft,  of which  $28,946,000 and $1,942,000 were repaid during the respective
periods.  In December  2002, we entered into a sales  leaseback  transaction  for one of
our purchased  aircraft.  We received net proceeds of approximately  $5,300,000 from the
sale of this  aircraft,  net of  repayment  of debt that  collateralized  this  aircraft
totaling  $22,772,000 and payment of fees associated with the early  extinguishments  of
the debt.  During the years ended March 31, 2003 and 2002,  we received  $1,275,000  and
$3,184,000, respectively, from the exercise of common stock options.

       DIA,  our primary  hub for  operations,  has  developed  preliminary  plans for a
significant  expansion  of  Concourse  A,  where our  aircraft  gates are  located.  The
expansion  will  add as many as 10 gates  for  full-size  commercial  jet  aircraft  and
several more gates for smaller  regional  jets. We have expressed  preliminary  interest
in entering into a long-term lease  arrangement  with the airport  authority for the use
of  additional  aircraft  gates in  connection  with our overall  expansion  plans.  The
amount we would be charged  under this lease  will  depend on the  ultimate  cost of the
project,  the amount of space to which we commit,  the financing  structure and interest
cost and the final  method by which the airport  authority  allocates  the  construction
costs  among  the  airlines.  The  current  state  of  the  industry  and  uncertainties
involving United  Airlines,  DIA's dominant  carrier,  have placed these expansion plans
on hold.

       We have been assessing our liquidity  position in light of our aircraft  purchase
commitments  and other  capital  needs,  the  economy,  our  competition,  the events of
September  11,  the war with  Iraq,  and other  uncertainties  surrounding  the  airline
industry.  Prior to applying for a government  guaranteed  loan under the  Stabilization
Act, we filed a shelf  registration  with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  in
April 2002 that would  allow us to sell equity or debt  securities  from time to time as
market conditions permit.  Subsequent to this shelf  registration  filing, our financial
performance  along with  bankruptcies  and the threat of  bankruptcies of other airlines
has had a  significant  adverse  effect on our access to the capital  markets.  Although
the Government  Guaranteed  Loan has improved our liquidity,  we may need to continue to
explore  avenues  to  sustain  our  liquidity  in the  current  economic  and  operating
environment.  We intend to  continue  to examine  the  propriety  of domestic or foreign
bank aircraft  financing,  bank lines of credit and aircraft  sale-leasebacks  and other
transactions as necessary to support our capital and operating needs.

<b>Emergency Wartime Supplemental Appropriations Act</b>

       The Emergency Wartime Supplemental  Wartime Supplemental  Appropriations Act (the
"Appropriations  Act"),  enacted on April 16, 2003,  made available  approximately  $2.3
billion  to U.S.  flag air  carriers  for  expenses  and  revenue  foregone  related  to
aviation  security.  In order to have been  eligible  to receive a portion of this fund,
air carriers must have paid one or both of the TSA security  fees,  the  September  11th
Security  Fee  and/or  the  Aviation  Security  Infrastructure  Fee  as of the  date  of
enactment  of the  Appropriations  Act.  According  to the  Appropriations  Act,  an air
carrier may use the amount received as the air carrier determines.

       Additionally,  the Appropriations  Act provided for additional  reimbursements to
be made to U.S.  flag air carriers for costs  incurred  related to the FAA  requirements
for enhanced  flight deck door  security  measures that were mandated as a result of the
September  11  terrorist  attacks.  We are  unable  to  determine  how much of the costs
incurred will be reimbursed.

<b>Contractual Obligations</b>

       The following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of March 31, 2003:

                                        Less than            1-3         4-5         After
                                    <u>     1 year             years       years       5 years        Total      </u>
Long-term debt (1)                   $  20,473,000   $  39,003,000  $ 68,501,000  $ 154,235,000  $  282,212,000
Capital lease obligations                   66,000                                                       66,000
Operating leases (2)                    83,326,000     138,269,000   111,760,000    328,517,000     661,872,000
Unconditional purchase obligations(3)  107,870,000      37,749,000                                  145,619,000

Total contractual cash obligations   $ 211,735,000   $ 215,021,000  $180,261,000  $ 482,752,000  $1,089,769,000
                                    =============================================================================

(1)  In February  2003, we obtained a  $70,000,000  Government  Guaranteed  Loan of which
     $69,300,000 was guaranteed by the Air Transportation  Stabilization  Board ("ATSB")
     and two  other  parties.  The loan has three  tranches;  Tranche  A,  Tranche B and
     Tranche   C,  in   amounts   totaling   $63,000,000,   $6,300,000   and   $700,000,
     respectively.  At March 31, 2003, the interest rates were 2.09%,  2.44%, and 3.89%,
     respectively.  The  interest  rates on each  tranche of the loan  adjust  quarterly
     based on LIBOR rates.  The loan requires  quarterly  installments of  approximately
     $2,642,000  beginning in December 2003 with a final balloon  payment of $33,000,000
     due in June 2007.  Upon  receipt of our  income  tax  receivable,  which is pledged
     under this loan  agreement,  we are required to make a pre-payment of  $10,000,000,
     which is  applied  against  the  next  successive  installments  due.  Interest  is
     payable  quarterly,  in  arrears.  Guarantee  fees of  4.5%  annually  are  payable
     quarterly in advance to the  guarantors  of the Tranche A and Tranche B loans.  The
     loan facility is secured by substantially  all of the assets of ours not previously
     encumbered.  In connection  with this  transaction,  we issued warrants to purchase
     of  3,833,946  shares of our common stock at $6.00 per share to the ATSB and to two
     other  guarantors.  The  warrants had an estimated  fair value of  $9,282,538  when
     issued and expire seven years after issuance.  The fair value for these options was
     estimated at the date of grant using a  Black-Scholes  option pricing  model.  This
     amount is being  amortized  to  interest  expense  over the life of the  loan.  The
     effective  interest rate on the notes is  approximately  10.26% including the value
     of the warrants and other costs  associated with obtaining the loan,  assuming that
     the  variable  interest  rates  payable on the notes at March 31,  2003.  The notes
     contain certain  covenants  including  liquidity tests. We are not required to meet
     certain  liquidity  tests until the quarter  ending  March 31,  2004.  Unrestricted
     cash balances  cannot be less than  $25,000,000  at any time through  September 30,
     2004 or $75,000,000  thereafter.  We are in compliance  with these  requirements at
     March 31, 2003.

     During the year ended March 31, 2002, we entered into a credit  agreement to borrow
     up to  $72,000,000  for the  purchase  of  three  Airbus  aircraft  with a  maximum
     borrowing of  $24,000,000  per  aircraft.  During the year ended March 31, 2003, we
     entered into a sale-leaseback  transaction for one of these purchased  aircraft and
     repaid the remaining loan with the proceeds of the sale.  Each  remaining  aircraft
     loan  has a term  of 10  years  and  is  payable  in  equal  monthly  installments,
     including  interest,  payable in arrears.  The aircraft  secure the loans.  Each of
     the remaining  loans require  monthly  principal and interest  payments of $215,000
     and $218,110,  bears interest with rates of 6.71% and 6.54%, with maturities in May
     and August 2011, at which time a balloon payment  totaling  $10,200,000 is due with
     respect to each loan.

     During the year ended March 31, 2003, we entered into  additional  loans to finance
     seven  additional  Airbus  aircraft with interest rates based on LIBOR plus margins
     that adjust  quarterly  or  semi-annually.  At March 31, 2003,  interest  rates for
     these loans  ranged from 2.56% to 3.01%,  each loan has a term of 12 years and each
     loan has balloon  payments  ranging from $4,800,000 to $7,770,000 at the end of the
     term.  The loans are secured by a aircraft.

(2)  As of March 31,  2003,  we lease eight  Airbus 319 type  aircraft and 19 Boeing 737
     type aircraft under  operating  leases with  expiration  dates ranging from 2003 to
     2014.  Under these  leases,  we have made cash  security  deposits or arranged  for
     letters  of credit  representing  approximately  two months of lease  payments  per
     aircraft.  At March 31, 2003, we had made cash security  deposits of $6,321,000 and
     had arranged for letters of credit of $6,959,000  collateralized by restricted cash
     balances.  Additionally,  we are  required to make  supplemental  rent  payments to
     cover the cost of major scheduled  maintenance  overhauls of these aircraft.  These
     supplemental  rent  payments  are based on the number of flight  hours flown and/or
     flight  departures  and are not  included  as an  obligation  in the  table  above.
     During the year ended March 31, 2003,  we returned  five leased Boeing 737 aircraft
     to the aircraft lessor.

     As a  complement  to our  Airbus  purchase  agreement,  in April  2000 we signed an
     agreement,  as subsequently  amended, to lease 15 new Airbus aircraft for a term of
     12  years.  As of  March  31,  2003,  we had made  cash  security  deposits  on the
     remaining  nine  aircraft we agreed to lease and have made cash  security  deposits
     and arranged for issuance of letters of credit totaling  $2,471,000 and $1,853,000,
     respectively,  to  secure  these  leases.  Our  restricted  cash  balance  includes
     $1,853,000 that collateralizes the outstanding letters of credit.

     We also lease office and hangar space,  spare engines and office  equipment for our
     headquarters  and airport  facilities,  and certain other equipment with expiration
     dates  ranging  from 2003 to 2014.  In  addition,  we lease  certain  airport  gate
     facilities  on  a  month-to-month   basis.   Amounts  for  leases  that  are  on  a
     month-to-month basis are not included as an obligation in the table above.

(3)  We have adopted a fleet  replacement  plan to phase out our Boeing 737 aircraft and
     replace them with a combination  of Airbus A319 and A318  aircraft.  In March 2000,
     we entered into an agreement,  as  subsequently  amended,  to purchase up to 31 new
     Airbus  aircraft.  Included  in the  purchase  commitment  are  amounts  for  spare
     aircraft  components  to support  the  aircraft.  We are not under any  contractual
     obligations  with  respect  to spare  parts.  As of March  31,  2003,  we had taken
     delivery  of 11 of  these  aircraft,  one of  which  we sold in  December  2002 and
     assigned one purchase  commitment to a lessor in February  2003. We agreed to lease
     each of these  aircraft  over a  five-year  term.  As of March  31,  2003,  we have
     remaining  firm  purchase   commitments  for  six  additional  aircraft  which  are
     scheduled to be delivered in calendar  years 2003 through 2005.  Under the terms of
     the purchase  agreement,  we are required to make scheduled  pre-delivery  payments
     for these aircraft.  These payments are non-refundable with certain exceptions.  As
     of March 31, 2003, we had made pre-delivery  payments on future deliveries totaling
     $30,532,000 to secure these aircraft and option aircraft.

     In June 2003, we agreed to lease two additional Airbus 318 aircraft,  scheduled for
     delivery  in May 2004 and March  2005,  and one  additional  Airbus  319  aircraft,
     scheduled  for  delivery  in  February  2005.  We plan to  operate a minimum  of 35
     purchased and leased Airbus aircraft by the fiscal year ended March 31, 2005.

     We have  recently  signed a term  sheet with a European  financial  institution  to
     provide debt  financing for four of our five A318  aircraft  scheduled for delivery
     from Airbus in fiscal year 2004.  The terms  permit us to borrow up to  $25,500,000
     per aircraft  over a period of either 120 or 144 months at floating  interest  rate
     with either a  $7,650,000  balloon  payment due at maturity if we elect a 120 month
     term or $3,060,000 if we elect a 144 month term.  We are also in  discussions  with
     a leasing company for a sale-leaseback of the A319 aircraft  delivery  scheduled in
     fiscal  year  2003.  There are no other  purchased  aircraft  due for  delivery  in
     fiscal year 2003.  The  inability  to close on the A318  financing  could result in
     delays in or our  inability to take  delivery of Airbus  aircraft we have agreed to
     purchase, which would have a material adverse effect on us.

     In October 2002 we entered into a purchase and long-term  services  agreement  with
     LiveTV to bring DIRECTV  AIRBORNE(TM)satellite  programming to every seatback in our
     Airbus  fleet.  We completed  the  installation  of the LiveTV system on all Airbus
     aircraft  in our fleet in  February  2003.  We have  agreed to the  purchase  of 46
     units of the  hardware;  however,  we have the option to cancel up to a total of 11
     units by providing  written notice of cancellation at least 12 months in advance of
     installation.  The table  above  includes  the  purchase  commitment  amount for 35
     units.

<b>Commercial Commitments</b>

       As we enter new  markets,  increase  the  amount of space  leased,  or add leased
aircraft,  we are often  required to provide  the lessor with a letter of credit,  bond,
or cash security  deposits.  These  generally  approximate  two months of rent and fees.
As of March 31, 2003, we had  outstanding  letters of credit,  bonds,  and cash security
deposits totaling $11,698,000,  $4,146,000,  and $7,500,000,  respectively.  In order to
meet these  requirements,  we have a credit  agreement with a financial  institution for
up to $1,500,000,  which expires  August 31, 2003,  and another credit  agreement with a
second  financial  institution for up to $20,000,000,  which expires  December 31, 2003.
These  credit  lines can be used solely for the  issuance of standby  letters of credit.
Any amounts drawn under the credit  agreements are fully  collateralized by certificates
of deposit,  which are carried as restricted  investments  on our balance  sheet.  As of
March 31, 2003,  we have drawn  $11,698,000  under these credit  agreements  for standby
letters of credit that  collateralize  certain  leases.  In the event that these  credit
agreements are not renewed beyond their present  expiration  dates,  the certificates of
deposit would be redeemed and paid to the various  lessors as cash security  deposits in
lieu of  standby  letters  of  credit.  As a  result  there  would be no  impact  on our
liquidity  if  these  agreements  were  not  renewed.  In  the  event  that  the  surety
companies  determined  that issuing  bonds on our behalf were a risk they were no longer
willing to  underwrite,  we would be  required to  collateralize  certain of these lease
obligations  with either cash  security  deposits  or standby  letters of credit,  which
would decrease our liquidity.

       We use  Airlines  Reporting  Corporation  to  provide  reporting  and  settlement
services for travel  agency sales and other related  transactions.  In order to maintain
the minimum bond (or irrevocable  letter of credit)  coverage of $100,000,  ARC requires
participating  carriers to meet, on a quarterly basis,  certain financial tests such as,
but not limited to, net profit margin  percentage,  working  capital ratio,  and percent
of debt to debt plus equity.  As of March 31,  2003,  we met these  financial  tests and
presently  are only  obligated to provide the minimum  amount of $100,000 in coverage to
ARC.  If we were to fail the  minimum  testing  requirements,  we would be  required  to
increase  our  bonding  coverage to four times the weekly  agency net cash sales  (sales
net of refunds  and agency  commissions).  Based on net cash  sales  remitted  to us for
the week ended June 20, 2003,  the  coverage  would be  increased  to  $9,122,000  if we
failed the  tests.  If we were  unable to  increase  the bond  amount as a result of our
then  financial  condition,  we could be  required  to provide a letter of credit  which
would restrict cash in an amount equal to the letter of credit.

      Our  agreement  with our Visa and  MasterCard  processor  requires  us to  provide
collateral for Visa and MasterCard  sales  transactions  equal to 50% of our air traffic
liability   associated  with  these   transactions.   As  of  March  31,  2003,  we  had
established  collateral  for  these  transactions  totaling  $12,909,000.  As of June 6,
2003,  we are required to increase the  collateral to  $15,932,000.  If we are unable to
meet the  collateral  requirements  or if it is  determined  that we have  experienced a
material  adverse  change  in  our  financial  position,  we may  be  subject  to a 100%
holdback of cash from Visa and  MasterCard  transactions  until the  passenger is flown,
or potentially, termination of the contract.

       Immediately  following  the  events  of  September  11,  our  aviation  war  risk
underwriters  limited  war risk  passenger  liability  coverage  on third  party  bodily
injury and  property  damage to $50  million  per  occurrence.  A special  surcharge  of
$1.25 per  passenger  carried was  established  as the premium for this  coverage by our
commercial  underwriters.  At the same time,  the FAA  provided  us  supplemental  third
party  war  risk  coverage  from  the  $50  million  limit  to $1.6  billion.  Effective
December  16, 2002,  the FAA amended  this  coverage to include war risk hull as well as
passenger,  crew and property  liability  insurance.  In February 2003, we cancelled our
commercial  hull and  liability war risk  coverage  after binding the FAA coverage.  The
premium  for the  revised FAA war risk  coverage  is derived  from a formula  that takes
into account total  enplanements,  total revenue  passenger miles, and total revenue ton
miles flown, and is significantly  less than the original  commercial  coverage premium.
While the  Appropriations  Act authorized the government to offer both policies  through
August 31, 2004,  the current  policies  are in effect until August 12, 2003.  We do not
know  whether the  government  will extend the  coverage,  and if it does,  how long the
extension will last. We expect that if the government  stops  providing  excess war risk
coverage to the airline  industry,  the premiums  charged by aviation  insurers for this
coverage  will be  substantially  higher  than the  premiums  currently  charged  by the
government or the coverage will simply not be available from reputable underwriters.

       In November  2002,  we  initiated a fuel  hedging  program  comprised of swap and
collar  agreements.  Under a swap agreement,  we receive the difference  between a fixed
swap price and a price based on an agreed  upon  published  spot price for jet fuel.  If
the index price is higher than the fixed price,  we receive the  difference  between the
fixed price and the spot  price.  If the index  price is lower,  we pay the  difference.
A collar  agreement  has a cap price,  a primary  floor  price,  and a  secondary  floor
price.  When the U.S.  Gulf Coast  Pipeline Jet index price is above the cap, we receive
the  difference  between  the  index  and the cap.  When the  index  price is below  the
primary floor but above the secondary  floor,  we pay the  difference  between the index
and the primary  floor.  However,  when the price is below the secondary  floor,  we are
only obligated to pay the difference between the primary and secondary floor prices.

       In November  2002,  we entered into a swap  agreement  with a notional  volume of
770,000  gallons per month of jet fuel for the period  from  December 1, 2002 to May 31,
2003.  The fixed price  under this  agreement  is 72.25  cents per  gallon.  The volumes
were  estimated  to represent  10% of our fuel  purchases  for that  period.  We entered
into a second  contract a three-way  collar in November  2002 with a notional  volume of
385,000  gallons per month for the period  December 1, 2002 to November  30,  2003.  The
cap prices for this  agreement  is 82 cents per gallon,  and the  primary and  secondary
floor  prices  are at 72 and 64.5  cents per  gallon  respectively.  The  volume of fuel
covered by this  contract is estimated to  represent 5% of our fuel  purchases  for that
period.  In March 2003, we entered into a second swap agreement  with a notional  volume
of  1,260,000  gallons  per month for the period  from  April 1, 2003 to June 30,  2003.
The fixed price of the swap is 79.25  cents per gallon and the  agreement  is  estimated
to  represent  15% of our fuel  purchases  for that  period.  In April 2003,  we entered
into a third swap  agreement with a notional  volume of 1,260,000  gallons per month for
the  period  from July 1, 2003 to  December  31,  2003.  The fixed  price of the swap is
71.53 cents per gallon and the  agreement  is  estimated  to  represent  15% of our fuel
purchases  for that  period.  The  results of  operations  for the year ended  March 31,
2003  include  an  unrealized   derivative   loss  of  $167,046  which  is  included  in
nonoperating  income  (expense)  and a realized gain of  approximately  $726,000 in cash
settlements  from a counter-party  recorded as a reduction of fuel expense.  We were not
a party to any derivative contracts during the years ended March 31, 2002 or 2001.

       In March 2003,  we entered into an interest rate swap  agreement  with a notional
amount of  $27,000,000 to a portion of the  $70,000,000  Government  Guaranteed  Loan as
discussed  above.  Under the interest  rate swap  agreement,  we are paying a fixed rate
of 2.45% and  receive a  variable  rate  based on the three  month  LIBOR.  At March 31,
2003,  our interest  rate swap  agreement had an estimated  unrealized  loss of $132,282
which was recorded as an unrealized  loss and is included in  non-operating  expenses in
the  statement  of  operations.  We did not  have  any  interest  rate  swap  agreements
outstanding during the years ended March 31, 2002 or 2001.

      Effective  January 1, 2003, we entered into an engine  maintenance  agreement with
GE Engine Services,  Inc. ("GE") for the servicing,  repair,  maintenance and functional
testing of our aircraft  engines  used on our Airbus  aircraft.  The  agreement is for a
12-year  period from the  effective  date for our owned  aircraft or December  31, 2014,
whichever  comes  first,  and for each  leased  aircraft,  the term  coincides  with the
initial  lease term of 12 years.  This  agreement  precludes us from using another third
party for such services during the term.  This agreement  requires  monthly  payments at
a specified rate  multiplied by the number of flight hours flown on the aircraft  during
that month.  The amounts due based on useage are not included in table above.


<b>Critical Accounting Policies</b>

       The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting  principles
generally  accepted  in the  United  States  of  America  requires  management  to  make
estimates and  assumptions  that affect the reported  amounts of assets and  liabilities
and  disclosure  of  contingent  assets  and  liabilities  at the date of the  financial
statements  and the  reported  amounts of revenues  and  expenses  during the  reporting
period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.

       Critical  accounting policies are defined as those that are both important to the
portrayal of our  financial  condition and results,  and require  management to exercise
significant  judgments.  Our most critical  accounting  policies are  described  briefly
below.  For  additional  information  about these and our other  significant  accounting
policies, see Note 1 of the Notes to the Financial Statements.

<b><i>Revenue Recognition</i></b>

         Passenger,  cargo, and other revenues are recognized when the transportation is
provided or after the tickets  expire,  one year after date of issuance,  and are net of
excise taxes,  passenger  facility  charges and security  fees.  Revenues that have been
deferred are included in the accompanying balance sheet as air traffic liability.

<b><i>Impairment of Long-Lived Assets</i></b>

       We record impairment losses on long-lived assets used in operations when indicators
of impairment are present and the undiscounted future cash flows estimated to be generated
by those assets are less than the carrying amount of the assets.  If an impairment occurs,
the loss is measured by comparing the fair value of the asset to its carrying amount. During
the year ended March 31, 2002, we wrote down the carrying value of rotable parts that
support the Boeing 737-200 aircraft by $1,512,000, as a result of dimished demand for
that aircraft type.  The write downs are charged to maintenance expenses.  The amount
of the wirte down was based on prevailing market values at that time.


 <b><i>Aircraft Maintenance</i></b>

       We operate under an FAA-approved  continuous  inspection and maintenance program.
We  account  for  maintenance  activities  on the  direct  expense  method.  Under  this
method,  major  overhaul  maintenance  costs are  recognized  as expense as  maintenance
services  are  performed,  as  flight  hours are  flown  for  nonrefundable  maintenance
payments  required by lease  agreements,  and as the obligation is incurred for payments
made  under  service  agreements.  Routine  maintenance  and  repairs  are  charged  to
operations as incurred.  Prior to fiscal 2003 we accrued for major  overhaul  costs on a
per-flight-hour basis in advance of performing the maintenance services.

       Effective  January  1,  2003,  we and  GE  executed  a  12-year  engine  services
agreement (the "Services  Agreement")  covering the scheduled and unscheduled  repair of
Airbus  engines.  Under  the  terms of the  Services  Agreement,  we  agreed to pay GE a
fixed rate  per-engine-hour,  payable  monthly,  and GE assumed  the  responsibility  to
overhaul  our engines on Airbus  aircraft as  required  during the term of the  Services
Agreement,  subject to certain  exclusions.  We believe the fixed rate  per-engine  hour
approximates  the  periodic  cost we would  have  incurred  to  service  those  engines.
Accordingly, these payments are expensed as the obligation is incurred.


<b><i>Derivative Instruments</i></b>

       We have  entered  into  derivative  instruments  which are intended to reduce our
exposure to changes in fuel prices and  interest  rates.  We account for the  derivative
instruments   entered  into  as  trading  instruments  under  FASB  Statement  No.  133,
"Accounting  for  Derivative  instruments  and Hedging  Activities"  and record the fair
value of the  derivatives  as an asset or liability as of each  balance  sheet date.  We
record  any  settlements  received  or  paid  as an  adjustment  to the  cost of fuel or
interest expense.

<b><i>Customer Loyalty Programs</i></b>

       In February  2001,  we  established  EarlyReturns,  a frequent  flyer  program to
encourage  travel on its airline and customer  loyalty.  We account for the EarlyReturns
program  under the  incremental  cost  method  whereby  travel  awards are valued at the
incremental  cost of  carrying  one  passenger  based  on  expected  redemptions.  Those
incremental  costs  are  based on  expectations  of  expenses  to be  incurred  on a per
passenger  basis  and  include  food  and  beverages,  fuel,  liability  insurance,  and
ticketing  costs.  The  incremental  costs do not include a  contribution  to  overhead,
aircraft  cost  or  profit.  We  do  not  record  a  liability  for  mileage  earned  by
participants  who have not  reached  the  level to  become  eligible  for a free  travel
award.   We  believe  this  is   appropriate   because  the  large   majority  of  these
participants  are  not  expected  to  earn a free  flight  award.  We do  not  record  a
liability for the expected  redemption of miles for non-travel  awards since the cost of
these awards to us is negligible.

       As of March 31, 2003 and 2002, we estimated that  approximately  14,615 and 4,600
round-trip  flight awards,  respectively,  were eligible for redemption by  EarlyReturns
members who have mileage  credits  exceeding the 15,000-mile  free  round-trip  domestic
ticket  award  threshold.  Of these  earned  awards,  we expect that  approximately  84%
would be redeemed.  The difference  between the round-trip  awards  outstanding  and the
awards  expected  to be  redeemed  is the  estimate  of awards  which  will (1) never be
redeemed,  or (2) be  redeemed  for  something  other than a free trip.  As of March 31,
2003 and 2002,  we had  recorded a liability  of  approximately  $283,000  and  $65,000,
respectively, for these rewards.


<b><i>New Accounting Standards</i></b>

       In April 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 145,  "Rescission of FASB  Statements No.
4, 44, and 64,  Amendment of FASB  Statement  No. 13, and Technical  Corrections".  This
Statement  rescinds  SFAS No. 4,  "Reporting  Gains and Losses  from  Extinguishment  of
Debt",  SFAS No. 44,  "Accounting for Intangible  Assets of Motor Carriers" and SFAS No.
64,  "Extinguishments  of  Debt  Made  to  Satisfy  Sinking-Fund   Requirements".   This
Statement  amends SFAS No. 13,  "Accounting for Leases",  to eliminate an  inconsistency
between  the  required  accounting  for  sale-leaseback  transactions  and the  required
accounting for certain lease  modifications  that have economic effects that are similar
to sale-leaseback  transactions.  We early adopted SFAS No. 145 in our fiscal year 2003.
We classified our loss on early  extinguishment  of debt as a  non-operating  expense in
our  statement of  operations  rather than as an  extraordinary  item as was  previously
required before the issuance of SFAS No. 145.

       In July 2002,  the FASB  issued SFAS No. 146,  "Accounting  for Costs  Associated
with Exit or Disposal  Activities".  The Statement  addresses  financial  accounting and
reporting for costs  associated  with exit or disposal  activities  and  nullifies  EITF
Issue No. 94-3,  "Liability  Recognition for Certain Employee  Termination  Benefits and
Other   Costs  to  Exit  an   Activity   (including   Certain   Costs   Incurred   in  a
Restructuring)."  In  May  2003,  we  ceased  using  one of our  leased  Boeing  737-200
aircraft  prior to the lease  expiration  date and plan to cease  using  two  additional
Boeing  737-200  aircraft in July 2003.  We will record a liability and an expense equal
to the fair value of the remaining  payments  required  under the leases in the quarters
ending June 30, 2003 and September 30, 2003.

       In November 2002, the FASB issued Interpretation No. 45, "Guarantor's  Accounting
and  Disclosure   Requirements  for  Guarantees,   Including   Indirect   Guarantees  of
Indebtedness  to others,  an  interpretation  of FASB Statements No. 5, 57 and 107 and a
rescission  of FASB  Interpretation  No.  34."  This  Interpretation  elaborates  on the
disclosures  to be made by a guarantor  in its interim  and annual  financial  statement
about its obligations under guarantees issued.  The  Interpretation  also clarifies that
a guarantor is required to recognize,  at inception of a guarantee,  a liability for the
fair  value of the  obligation  undertaken.  The  initial  recognition  and  measurement
provisions of the  Interpretation  are applicable to guarantees issued or modified after
December 31, 2002. The disclosure  requirements  are effective for financial  statements
of interim or annual  periods  ending after  December 15,  2002.  We have not  currently
guaranteed  any   indebtedness   of  others,   and   therefore,   the  adoption  of  the
interpretation  did not  have an  impact  on our  results  of  operations  or  financial
position.

       In December  2002,  the FASB issued SFAS No.  148,  "Accounting  for  Stock-Based
Compensation-Transition  and  Disclosure".  This  Statement  amends FASB  Statement  No.
123,  "Accounting  for  Stock-Based  Compensation",  to provide  alternative  methods of
transition  for a voluntary  change to the fair value  based  method of  accounting  for
stock-based  employee  compensation.  In addition,  this Statement amends the disclosure
requirements  of  Statement  123 to require  prominent  disclosures  in both  annual and
interim  financial  statements  about the method of accounting  for stock based employee
compensation  and the  effect  of the  method  used on  reported  results.  We have  not
adopted the fair value  method of  accounting  for stock  options,  and  therefore,  the
adoption  of SFAS  No.  148 did not  have an  effect  on our  results  of  operation  or
financial position.

       In  January  2003,  the FASB  issued  Interpretation  No. 46,  "Consolidation  of
Variable  Interest  Entities,  and  Interpretation  of ARB No. 51." This  Interpretation
addresses the  consolidation by business  enterprises of variable  interest  entities as
defined in the  Interpretation.  The  Interpretation  applies  immediately  to  variable
interest in variable  interest  entities  created after January 31, 2003.  For nonpublic
enterprises,  such  as us,  with a  variable  interest  in a  variable  interest  entity
created  before  February 1, 2003,  the  Interpretation  is applied to the enterprise no
later  than the end of the  first  annual  reporting  period  beginning  after  June 15,
2003. The  Interpretation  requires certain  disclosures in financial  statements issued
after  January  31,  2003 if it is  reasonably  possible  that we  will  consolidate  or
disclose  information about variable interest entities when the  Interpretation  becomes
effective.  The  application of this  Interpretation  is not expected to have a material
effect on our financial statements.

        In April 2003,  the FASB issued SFAS No. 149,  "Amendment  of  Statement  133 on
Derivative  Instruments  and Hedging  Activities".  This Statement  amends and clarifies
financial  accounting  and  reporting  for  derivative  instruments,  including  certain
derivative  instruments  embedded  in  other  contracts  (collectively  referred  to  as
derivatives) and for hedging  activities  under FASB Statement No. 133,  "Accounting for
Derivative  instruments  and  Hedging  Activities".  This  Statement  is  effective  for
contracts  entered  into or modified  after June 30,  2003 and for hedging  relationships
designated  after June 30, 2003.  The  application  of this Statement is not expected to
have a material effect on our financial statements.

        In May 2003,  the FASB issued SFAS No. 150,  "Accounting  for Certain  Financial
Instruments  with  Characteristics  of Both  Liabilities  and  Equity".  This  Statement
establishes  standards  for how an issuer  classifies  and  measures  certain  financial
instruments with  characteristics  of both  liabilities and equity.  It requires that an
issuer  classify a financial  instrument  that is within its scope as a liability (or an
asset in some  circumstances).  This  Statement is effective for  financial  instruments
entered  into or modified  after May 31, 2003 and for  hedging  relationships  designated
after June 30,  2003.  The  application  of this  Statement  is not  expected  to have a
material effect on our financial statements.


<b>Item 7A:  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk</b>

<b><i>Aircraft fuel</i></b>

       Our earnings are  affected by changes in the price and  availability  of aircraft
fuel.  Market  risk is  estimated  as a  hypothetical  10 percent  change in the average
cost per gallon of fuel for the year ended  March 31,  2003.  Based on fiscal  year 2003
actual fuel usage,  such a change would have the effect of increasing or decreasing  our
aircraft fuel expense by  approximately  $8,590,000 in fiscal year 2003.  Comparatively,
based on projected  fiscal year 2004 fuel usage,  such a change would have the effect of
increasing  or  decreasing  our aircraft fuel expense by  approximately  $10,089,000  in
fiscal year 2004  excluding the effects of our fuel hedging  arrangements.  The increase
in exposure  to fuel price  fluctuations  in fiscal year 2004 is due to the  increase of
our  average  aircraft  fleet  size  during  the year ended  March 31,  2003,  projected
increases  to our fleet  during  the year  ended  March  31,  2004 and  related  gallons
purchased.

       As of March 31, 2003, we had hedged  approximately  8.3% of our projected  fiscal
2004  fuel  requirements.  In  November  2002,  we  initiated  a  fuel  hedging  program
comprised  of swap  and  collar  agreements.  Under a swap  agreement,  we  receive  the
difference  between a fixed swap  price and a price  based on an agreed  upon  published
spot  price  for jet fuel.  If the  index  price is  higher  than the  fixed  price,  we
receive the  difference  between the fixed price and the spot price.  If the index price
is lower,  we pay the  difference.  A collar  agreement has a cap price, a primary floor
price,  and a secondary  floor price.  When the U.S. Gulf Coast Pipeline Jet index price
is above the cap, we receive  the  difference  between  the index and the cap.  When the
index  price is below  the  primary  floor but above  the  secondary  floor,  we pay the
difference  between the index and the primary  floor.  However,  when the price is below
the secondary  floor,  we are only obligated to pay the  difference  between the primary
and secondary floor prices.

       In November  2002,  we entered into a swap  agreement  with a notional  volume of
770,000  gallons per month of jet fuel for the period  from  December 1, 2002 to May 31,
2003.  The fixed price  under this  agreement  is 72.25  cents per  gallon.  The volumes
were  estimated  to represent  10% of our fuel  purchases  for that  period.  We entered
into a three-way  collar in November  2002,  with a notional  volume of 385,000  gallons
per month for the period  December  1, 2002 to  November  30,  2003.  The cap prices for
this  agreement is 82 cents per gallon,  and the primary and secondary  floor prices are
72 and  64.5  cents  per  gallon,  respectively.  The  volume  of fuel  covered  by this
contract is estimated to represent 5% of our fuel  purchases  for that period.  In March
2003,  we entered  into a second  swap  agreement  with a notional  volume of  1,260,000
gallons  per month for the period from April 1, 2003 to June 30,  2003.  The fixed price
of the swap is 79.25 cents per gallon and the  agreement is  estimated to represent  15%
of our fuel  purchases  for that  period.  In April 2003,  we entered  into a third swap
agreement  with a notional  volume of  1,260,000  gallons  per month for the period from
July 1,  2003 to  December  31,  2003.  The fixed  price of the swap is 71.53  cents per
gallon and the  agreement is estimated to represent  15% of our fuel  purchases for that
period.  The  results  of  operations  for the year  ended  March 31,  2003  include  an
unrealized  derivative  loss of  $167,046  which  is  included  in  nonoperating  income
(expense)  and a realized  gain of  approximately  $726,000 in cash  settlements  from a
counter-party  recorded  as a  reduction  of fuel  expense.  We were  not a party to any
derivative contracts during the years ended March 31, 2002 or 2001.

<b><i>Interest</i></b>

       We are  susceptible to market risk  associated  with changes in interest rates on
long-term debt  obligations we incurred to finance the purchases of our Airbus  aircraft
and our  Government  Guaranteed  Loan.  Interest  expense  on seven of our owned  Airbus
A319  aircraft  is  subject  to  interest  rate  adjustments  every  three to six months
depending  upon changes in the  applicable  LIBOR rate.  The interest rate on borrowings
under our  credit  agreement  also is  subject  to  adjustment  based on  changes in the
applicable  LIBOR  rates.  A change  in the base  LIBOR  rate of 100 basis  points  (1.0
percent) would have the effect of increasing or decreasing our annual  interest  expense
by  $2,378,000  assuming  the  loans  outstanding  that are  subject  to  interest  rate
adjustments  at March 31, 2003  totaling  $237,778,000  are  outstanding  for the entire
period.  As of March  31,  2003,  we had  hedged  approximately  11.4%  of our  variable
interest rate loans.

       In March 2003,  we entered into an interest rate swap  agreement  with a notional
amount of  $27,000,000 to a portion of the  $70,000,000  Government  Guaranteed  Loan as
discussed  above.  Under the interest  rate swap  agreement,  we are paying a fixed rate
of 2.45% and  receive a variable  rate based on the three  month  LIBOR over the term of
the swap which expires in March 2007.


<b>Item 8:  Financial Statements</b>

       Our  financial  statements  are  filed  as a  part  of  this  report  immediately
following the signature page.


<b>Item 9: Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure</b>

       Not applicable.


                                    <b>PART III</b>

<b>Item 10:  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant</b>.

       The information  required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the
data under the heading  "Election  of  Directors"  in the Proxy  Statement to be used in
connection  with the  solicitation  of proxies for our annual meeting of shareholders to
be held on September  4, 2003.  We will file the  definitive  Proxy  Statement  with the
Commission on or before July 29, 2003.

<b>Item 11.   Executive Compensation</b>.

       The information  required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the
data under the heading  "Executive  Compensation"  in the Proxy  Statement to be used in
connection  with the  solicitation  of proxies for our annual meeting of shareholders to
be held on September  4, 2003.  We will file the  definitive  Proxy  Statement  with the
Commission on or before July 29, 2003.

<b>Item 12.   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management</b>.

       The information  required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the
data under the heading "Voting  Securities and Principal  Holders  Thereof" in the Proxy
Statement  to be used in  connection  with the  solicitation  of proxies  for our annual
meeting of  shareholders  to be held on September 4, 2003.  We will file the  definitive
Proxy Statement with the Commission on or before July 29, 2003.

<b>Item 13.   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions</b>.

       The information  required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the
data under the  heading  "Related  Transactions"  in the Proxy  Statement  to be used in
connection  with the  solicitation  of proxies for our annual meeting of shareholders to
be held on September  4, 2003.  We will file the  definitive  Proxy  Statement  with the
Commission on or before July 29, 2003.

<b>Item 14. Controls and Procedures</b>

       Within the 90 days prior to the filing  date of this  report,  we carried  out an
evaluation,  under  the  supervision  and  with  the  participation  of our  management,
including  our  Chief   Executive   Officer  and  Chief   Financial   Officer,   of  the
effectiveness  of the design and  operation of our  disclosure  controls and  procedures
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15.  Based upon that  evaluation,  our Chief Executive
Officer  and  Chief  Financial  Officer  concluded  that  our  disclosure  controls  and
procedures  are  effective.   Disclosure   controls  and  procedures  are  controls  and
procedures  that are  designed to ensure that  information  required to be  disclosed in
our  reports  filed  or  submitted  under  the  Exchange  Act  is  recorded,  processed,
summarized and completely and accurately  reported within the time periods  specified in
the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms.

       There have been no  significant  changes  in our  internal  controls  or in other
factors that could  significantly  affect  internal  controls  subsequent to the date we
carried out this evaluation.

<b>Item 15.   Principal Accountant Fees and Services</b>

       The information  required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the
data under the heading  "Principal  Accountant Fees and Services" in the Proxy Statement
to be used in  connection  with the  solicitation  of proxies for our annual  meeting of
shareholders  to be held on  September  4,  2003.  We will  file  the  definitive  Proxy
Statement with the Commission on or before July 29, 2003.

                                    <b>PART IV</b>

<b>Item 16(a):  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K</b>.

Exhibit
<u>Numbers</u>           <u>Description of Exhibits</u>

Exhibit 3 - Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws:

    3.1           Restated  Articles of  Incorporation  of the Company.  (Exhibit 3.1 to
                  the  Company's  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the  quarter  ended
                  September 30, 1999)

    3.2           Amended  and  Restated  Bylaws  of the  Company.  (Exhibit  3.2 to the
                  Company's  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarter  ended
                  September 30, 1999)

Exhibit 4 - Instruments defining the rights of security holders:

    4.1           Specimen  common stock  certificate  of the  Company.  (Exhibit 4.1 to
                  the Company's  Registration Statement on Form SB-2, declared effective
                  May 20, 1994)

    4.2           Rights  Agreement,  dated as of February  20, 1997,  between  Frontier
                  Airlines,   Inc.  and  American  Securities  Transfer  &amp;  Trust,  Inc,
                  including  the form of Rights  Certificate  and the  Summary of Rights
                  attached  thereto as Exhibits A and B,  respectively  (Exhibit  3.1 to
                  the Company's Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed March 12, 1997)

    4.2(a)        Amendment to Rights  Agreement  dated June 30, 1997.  (Exhibit  4.4(a)
                  to the  Company's  Annual  Report on Form  10-KSB  for the year  ended
                  March 31, 1997; Commission File No. 0-24126)

    4.2(b)        Amendment  to  Rights  Agreement  dated  December  5,  1997.  (Exhibit
                  4.4(b) to the Company's  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                  March 31, 1999)

    4.2(c)        Third   Amendment  to  Rights   Agreement  dated  September  9,  1999.
                  (Exhibit  4.4 to the  Company's  Registration  Statement on Form 8-A/A
                  filed October 14, 1999)

    4.2(d)        Fourth  Amendment to Rights  Agreement  dated May 30,  2001.  (Exhibit
                  4.4(d) to the Company's  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                  March 31, 2001)

    4.3           Frontier Airlines Inc.  Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, No. 1 - Air
                  Stabilization Board. Two Warrants, dated as of February 14, 2003,
                  substantially identical in all material respect to this Exhibit, have
                  been entered into with each of the Supplemental Guarantors granting
                  each Supplemental Guarantor a warrant to purchase 191,697 shares
                  under the same terms and conditions described in this Exhibit.
                  Portions of this Exhibit have been omitted and filed separately with
                  the Securities and Exchange Commission in a confidential treatment
                  request under Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
                  amended. (Exhibit 4.5 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
                  dated March 25, 2003)

    4.4           Registration Rights Agreement dated as of February 14, 2003 by and
                  Frontier Airlines, Inc. as the Issuer, and the Holders to Herein of
                  Warrants to Purchase Common Stock, No Par Value.  Portions of this
                  Exhibit have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities
                  and Exchange Commission in a confidential treatment request under
                  Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
                  (Exhibit 4.6 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated March
                  25, 2003)

Exhibit 10 - Material Contracts:

   10.1           1994 Stock Option Plan.  (Exhibit 10.3 to the  Company's  Registration
                  Statement on Form SB-2, declared effective May 20, 1994)

   10.1(a)        Amendment  No.  1 to 1994  Stock  Option  Plan.  (Exhibit  10.4 to the
                  Company's  Annual  Report on Form  10-KSB for the year ended March 31,
                  1995; Commission File No. 0-4877)

   10.1(b)        Amendment  No.  2 to 1994  Stock  Option  Plan.  (Exhibit  10.2 to the
                  Company's  Annual  Report on Form  10-KSB for the year ended March 31,
                  1997; Commission File No. 0-24126)

   10.2           Airport Use and Facilities  Agreement,  Denver  International  Airport
                  (Exhibit  10.7 to the  Company's  Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the
                  year ended March 31, 1995; Commission File No. 0-4877)

   10.3           Space and Use Agreement  between  Continental  Airlines,  Inc. and the
                  Company.  (Exhibit  10.43 to the Company's  Annual Report on Form 10-K
                  for the year ended March 31, 1999)

   10.3(a)        Second  Amendment  to  Space  and Use  Agreement  between  Continental
                  Airlines,  Inc.  and the  Company.  Portions of this Exhibit have been
                  omitted  and  filed   separately  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange
                  Commission  in a  confidential  treatment  request under Rule 24b-2 of
                  the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. (filed herewith)

   10.4           Airbus  A318/A319  Purchase  Agreement  dated  as of  March  10,  2000
                  between AVSA,  S.A.R.L.,  Seller, and Frontier Airlines,  Inc., Buyer.
                  Portions  of  this  exhibit  have  been  excluded  from  the  publicly
                  available  document and an order  granting  confidential  treatment of
                  the  excluded  material  has  been  received.  (Exhibit  10.51  to the
                  Company's  Annual  Report  on Form 10-K for the year  ended  March 31,
                  2000)

   10.5           Aircraft  Lease  Common  Terms  Agreement  dated as of April 20,  2000
                  between General  Electric Capital  Corporation and Frontier  Airlines,
                  Inc.  Portions of this  exhibit have been  excluded  from the publicly
                  available  document and an order  granting  confidential  treatment of
                  the  excluded  material  has  been  received.  (Exhibit  10.52  to the
                  Company's  Annual  Report  on Form 10-K for the year  ended  March 31,
                  2000)

   10.6           Aircraft Lease Agreement  dated as of April 20, 2000 between  Aviation
                  Financial  Services,   Inc.,  Lessor,  and  Frontier  Airlines,  Inc.,
                  Lessee,  in respect of 15 Airbus A319 Aircraft.  After 3 aircraft were
                  leased under this Exhibit with Aviation  Financial  Services,  Inc. as
                  Lessor,   related  entities  of  Aviation  Financial  Services,   Inc.
                  replaced it as the Lessor,  but each lease with these related entities
                  is substantially  identical in all material  respects to this Exhibit.
                  Portions  of  this  exhibit  have  been  excluded  from  the  publicly
                  available  document and an order  granting  confidential  treatment of
                  the  excluded  material  has  been  received.  (Exhibit  10.53  to the
                  Company's  Annual  Report  on Form 10-K for the year  ended  March 31,
                  2000)

   10.7           Lease  dated as of May 5,  2000  for  Frontier  Center  One,  LLC,  as
                  landlord,  and Frontier  Airlines,  Inc., as tenant.  Portions of this
                  exhibit have been  excluded from the publicly  available  document and
                  an order granting confidential  treatment of the excluded material has
                  been received.  (Exhibit 10.55 to the Company's  Annual Report on Form
                  10-K for the year ended March 31, 2000)

   10.8           Operating  Agreement of Frontier  Center One, LLC, dated as of May 10,
                  2000  between Shea  Frontier  Center,  LLC,  and 7001 Tower,  LLC, and
                  Frontier  Airlines,  Inc.  Portions of this exhibit have been excluded
                  from  the  publicly   available   document   and  an  order   granting
                  confidential  treatment  of the excluded  material has been  received.
                  (Exhibit  10.56 to the  Company's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the
                  year ended March 31, 2000)

   10.9           Standard  Industrial  Lease  dated  April 27,  2000,  between  Mesilla
                  Valley  Business Park, LLC,  landlord,  and Frontier  Airlines,  Inc.,
                  tenant.   Portions  of  this  exhibit  have  been  excluded  from  the
                  publicly  available  document  and  an  order  granting   confidential
                  treatment of the excluded  material has been received.  (Exhibit 10.57
                  to the  Company's  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March
                  31, 2000)

   10.10          General Terms  Agreement No.  6-13616  between CFM  International  and
                  Frontier  Airlines,  Inc.  Portions of this exhibit have been excluded
                  from  the  publicly   available   document   and  an  order   granting
                  confidential  treatment  of the excluded  material has been  received.
                  (Exhibit 10.60 to the Company's  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
                  quarter ended September 30, 2000)

   10.11          Lease  Agreement  dated as of December 15, 2000 between Gateway Office
                  Four, LLC,  Lessor,  and Frontier  Airlines,  Inc.,  Lessee.  (Exhibit
                  10.61 to the Company's  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
                  ended December 31, 2000)

   10.12          Code  Share  Agreement  dated  as of  May  3,  2001  between  Frontier
                  Airlines,  Inc.  and  Great  Lakes  Aviation,  Ltd.  Portions  of this
                  exhibit have been  excluded from the publicly  available  document and
                  an order granting confidential  treatment of the excluded material has
                  been received.  (Exhibit 10.62 to the Company's  Annual Report on Form
                  10-K for the year ended March 31, 2001)

   10.12(a)       Amendment  No. 1 to the  Codeshare  Agreement  dated as of May 3, 2001
                  between  Frontier  Airlines,  Inc.  and  Great  Lakes  Aviation,  Ltd.
                  Portions  of  the  exhibit  have  been   excluded  from  the  publicly
                  available document andan order granting confidential  treatment of the
                  excluded  material  has  been  received.   (Exhibit  10.62(a)  to  the
                  Company's  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarter  ended
                  December 31, 2001)

   10.13          Codeshare   Agreement   between  Mesa  Airlines,   Inc.  and  Frontier
                  Airlines,  Inc.  (Exhibit 10.61 to the Company's  Quarterly  Report on
                  Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2001)

   10.14(a)       Amendment  No. 1 to the Codeshare  Agreement  dated as of September 4,
                  2001  between  Mesa  Airlines,   Inc.  and  Frontier  Airlines,   Inc.
                  Portions  of  this  exhibit  have  been  excluded  from  the  publicly
                  available  document and an order  granting  confidential  treatment of
                  the excluded  material  has been  received.  (Exhibit  10.65(a) to the
                  Company's  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarter  ended
                  December 31, 2001)

   10.14(b)       Amendment  No. 2 to  Codeshare  Agreement  dated as of  August 1, 2002
                  between Mesa Airlines,  Inc. and Frontier  Airlines,  Inc. Portions of
                  this  Exhibit  have  been  omitted  and  filed   separately  with  the
                  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  in  a  confidential   treatment
                  request  under Rule 24b-2 of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as
                  amended. (filed herewith)

   10.14(c)       Letter  Agreement No. 1 to the Codeshare  Agreement  dated February 1,
                  2003  between  Mesa  Airlines,   Inc.  and  Frontier  Airlines,   Inc.
                  Portions of this Exhibit have been omitted and filed  separately  with
                  the  Securities and Exchange  Commission in a  confidential  treatment
                  request  under Rule 24b-2 of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as
                  amended. (filed herewith)

   10.15          Employee Stock  Ownership Plan of Frontier  Airlines,  Inc. as amended
                  and  restated,  effective  January 1, 1997 and  executed  February  5,
                  2002.  (Exhibit 10.66 to the Company's  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q
                  for the quarter ended December 31, 2001)

   10.15(a)       Amendment of the Employee Stock  Ownership Plan of Frontier  Airlines,
                  Inc. as amended and restated,  effective  January 1, 1997 and executed
                  February  5,  2002 for  EGTRRA.  (Exhibit  10.66(a)  to the  Company's
                  Quarterly  Report  on Form 10-Q for the  quarter  ended  December  31,
                  2001)

   10.16          Director  Compensation  Agreement between Frontier Airlines,  Inc. and
                  Samuel D. Addoms dated  effective  April 1, 2002.  This  agreement was
                  modified  on  April  1,  2003,   to  expressly   describe  the  second
                  installment  exercise period as on or after December 31, 2003, and the
                  third  installment  exercise  period  as on or after  April  1,  2004.
                  (Exhibit  10.67 to the  Company's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the
                  year ended March 31, 2002)

   10.17          Secured  Credit  Agreement  dated  as  of  October  10,  2002  between
                  Frontier  Airlines,  Inc. and Credit Agricole Indosuez in respect to 3
                  Airbus 319 aircraft.  Portions of this exhibit have been excluded form
                  the publicly  available  document and an order  granting  confidential
                  treatment of the excluded  material has been received.  (Exhibit 10.75
                  to the  Company's  Quarterly  Report on Form  10-Q/A  for the  quarter
                  ended September 30, 2002)

   10.18          Aircraft Mortgage and Security  Agreement dated as of October 10, 2002
                  between  Frontier  Airlines,  Inc.  and Credit  Agricole  Indosuez  in
                  respect to 3 Airbus 319  aircraft.  Portions of this exhibit have been
                  excluded form the publicly  available  document and an order  granting
                  confidential  treatment  of the excluded  material has been  received.
                  (Exhibit  10.76 to the Company's  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q/A for
                  the quarter ended September 30, 2002)

   10.19          $70,000,000 Loan Agreement dated as of February 14, 2003 among
                  Frontier Airlines, Inc. as Borrower, West LB AG, as Tranche A Lender
                  and Tranche C Lender, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Tranche B-1 Lender,
                  Tranche B-2 Lender, and a Tranche C Lender, Bearingpoint, Inc. as
                  Loan Administrator, Wells Fargo Bank Northwest, N.A. as Collateral
                  Agent, LB AG, as Agent, and Air Transportation Stabilization Board.
                  Portions of this Exhibit have been omitted and filed separately with
                  the Securities and Exchange Commission in a confidential treatment
                  request under Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
                  amended. (Exhibit 10.77 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
                  dated March 25, 2003)

   10.20          Mortgage and Security Agreement dated as of February 14, 2003 made by
                  Frontier Airlines, Inc. in favor of Wells Fargo Bank Northwest, N.A.
                  the Collateral Agent.  Portions of this Exhibit have been omitted and
                  filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission in a
                  confidential treatment request under Rule 24b-2 of the Securities
                  Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. (Exhibit 10.78 to the Company's
                  Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 25, 2003)

Exhibit 18- Letter re Change in Accounting Principles

   18.1           Letter from KPMG LLP re Change in Accounting Principle (filed
                  herewith)

Exhibit 23 - Consents of Experts:

   23.1           Consent of KPMG LLP (filed herewith)

Exhibit 99 - Additional Exhibits:

   99.1           Section 906 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer,
                  Jeff S. Potter.  (filed herewith)

   99.2           Section 906 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, Paul H. Tate.
                  (filed herewith)

   99.3           Section 302 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer,
                  Jeff S. Potter.  (filed herewith)

   99.4           Section 302 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, Paul H. Tate.
                  (filed herewith)

Item 16(b):  Reports on Form 8-K.

       During the quarter ended March 31, 2003, the Company filed the following  reports
on Form 8-K.
                                                 <b>Financial Statements</b>
<b><u>Date of Reports</u></b>            <b><u>Item Numbers</u></b>        <b><u>Required to be Filed</u></b>
  February 19, 2003               5                      None
  March 26, 2003               5 and 7                   None




<PAGE>


                                       <b>SIGNATURES</b>

       Pursuant to the  requirements  of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934,  the  registrant  has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


                                                     FRONTIER AIRLINES, INC.


Date:  June 26, 2003                                 By:<u> /s/ Paul H. Tate</u>
                                                     Paul H. Tate, Vice President and
                                                     Chief Financial Officer


Date:  June 26, 2003                                 By:<u> /s/ Elissa A. Potucek</u>
                                                     Elissa A.Potucek, Vice President,Controller,
                                                     Treasurer and Principal Accounting Officer

       Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following  persons on behalf of the  registrant  and in the
capacities and on the dates indicated.

Date:  June 26, 2003                                 By:<u>  /s/ Jeffery S. Potter</u>
                                                     Jeffery S. Potter, Director

Date:  June 26, 2003                                 By:<u>  /s/ Samuel D. Addoms</u>
                                                     Samuel D. Addoms, Director

Date:  June 26, 2003                                 By:<u>  /s/ William B. McNamara</u>
                                                     William B. McNamara, Director

Date: June 26, 2003                                  By:<u>  /s/ Paul Stephen Dempsey</u>
                                                     Paul Stephen Dempsey, Director

Date: June 26, 2003                                  By:<u>                      </u>
                                                     B. LaRae Orullian, Director

Date: June 26, 2003                                  By:<u>  /s/ D. Dale Browning</u>
                                                     D. Dale Browning, Director

Date: June 26, 2003                                  By:<u>                      </u>
                                                     James B. Upchurch, Director

Date: June 26, 2003                                  By:<u>  /s/  Hank Brown</u>
                                                     Hank Brown, Director



<PAGE>
                                                Certification


I, Jeff  S. Potter, certify that:

1.   I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Frontier Airlines, Inc.;

2.   Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
     omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
     under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
     quarterly report;

3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
     annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
     and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report;

4.   The registrant&#146;s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
     disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the
     registrant and have:

         a.   designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material information relating
              to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
              within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being
              prepared;

         b.   evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures as of a
              date within 90 days prior to the filing date of this quarterly report (the &#147;Evaluation Date&#148;);
              and

         c.   presented in this quarterly report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
              controls and procedures based on our evaluation as of the Evaluation Date;

5.   The registrant&#146;s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation,
     to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons
     performing the equivalent function):

         a.   all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls which could
              adversely affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
              data and have identified for the registrant&#146;s auditors any material weaknesses in internal
              controls; and

         b.   any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
              significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal controls; and

6.   The registrant&#146;s other certifying officers and I have indicated in this quarterly report whether or
     not there were significant changes in internal controls or in other factors that could significantly
     affect internal controls subsequent to the date of our most recent evaluation, including any
     corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses.

Date:   June 26, 2003


                                                       By:<u>     /s/ Jeff  S. Potter             </u>
                                                             Jeff S. Potter
                                                             President and Chief Executive Officer


                                                Certification


I, Paul Tate, certify that:

1.   I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Frontier Airlines, Inc.;

2.   Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
     or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
     under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
     quarterly report;

3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
     quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
     operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly
     report;

4.   The registrant&#146;s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
     disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the
     registrant and have:

         a.   designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material information relating
              to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
              within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being
              prepared;

         b.   evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures as of a
              date within 90 days prior to the filing date of this quarterly report (the &#147;Evaluation Date&#148;);
              and

         c.   presented in this quarterly report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
              controls and procedures based on our evaluation as of the Evaluation Date;

5.   The registrant&#146;s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation,
     to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons
     performing the equivalent function):

         a.   all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls which could
              adversely affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
              data and have identified for the registrant&#146;s auditors any material weaknesses in internal
              controls; and

         b.   any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
              significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal controls; and

6.   The registrant&#146;s other certifying officers and I have indicated in this quarterly report whether or
     not there were significant changes in internal controls or in other factors that could significantly
     affect internal controls subsequent to the date of our most recent evaluation, including any
     corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses.

Date:    June 26, 2003


                                                       By:<u>     /s/ Paul H. Tate         </u>
                                                             Paul H. Tate
                                                             Chief Financial Officer





                                        <b>Independent Auditors' Report</b>



<b>The Board of Directors and Stockholders
Frontier Airlines, Inc.:</b>


We have audited the accompanying  balance sheets of Frontier  Airlines,  Inc. as of March
31,  2003 and 2002, and the related statements of operations,  stockholders'  equity,  and
cash flows for each of the years in the three-year  period ended March 31, 2003. These financial
statements are the  responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards  generally  accepted in the
United States of America.  Those  standards  require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain  reasonable  assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement.  An audit includes examining,  on a test basis,  evidence supporting the amounts
and disclosures in the financial  statements.  An audit also includes assessing  the accounting
principles  used  and  significant  estimates  made  by  management,  as  well as evaluating
the overall  financial  statement  presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of Frontier  Airlines,  Inc.  as of March 31,  2003 and 2002,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year
period  ended  March 31,  2003,  in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America.

As discussed in note 1 to the financial statements, the Company changed its method of
accounting for aircraft maintenance checks from the accrual method of accounting to the
direct expense method in 2003.




                                                            KPMG LLP

Denver, Colorado
May 22, 2003



<b>FRONTIER AIRLINES, INC.
Balance Sheets
March 31, 2003 and 2002</b>


                                                             <u>            2003                   2002       </u>
<u>Assets</u>
Current assets:
    Cash and cash equivalents                                     $ 102,880,404            $  87,555,189
    Short-term investments                                            2,000,000                2,000,000
    Restricted investments                                           14,765,000               12,074,000
    Receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts
      of $237,000 and $155,000 at March 31, 2003 and 2002,
      respectively                                                   25,856,692               28,536,313
    Income taxes receivable (note 9)                                 24,625,616                6,855,544
    Security, maintenance and other deposits (note 7)                   912,399               36,891,297
    Prepaid expenses                                                  9,032,084               11,013,602
    Inventories, net of allowance of $2,478,000 at March
      31, 2003                                                        5,958,836                6,604,378
    Deferred tax asset (note 9)                                       4,788,831                1,788,078
    Other current assets                                     <u>            18,587                   74,952   </u>
            Total current assets                                    190,838,449              193,393,353
Property and equipment, net (note 4)                                334,492,983              142,861,771
Security, maintenance and other deposits (note 7)                     6,588,023               20,087,569
Aircraft pre-delivery payments                                       30,531,894               44,658,899
Restricted investments                                                9,324,066               12,160,210
Deferred loan fees and other assets                          <u>        16,068,361                  523,134   </u>
                                                                  $ 587,843,776            $ 413,684,936
                                                             ==============================================

<u>Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity</u>
Current liabilities:
    Accounts payable                                              $  26,388,621            $  23,185,266
    Air traffic liability                                            58,875,623               61,090,705
    Other accrued expenses (note 6)                                  22,913,659               22,060,082
    Accrued maintenance expense (note 1)                                 -                    37,527,906
    Refundable stabilization act compensation (note 2)                   -                     4,835,381
    Current portion of long-term debt (note 8)                       20,473,446                3,225,651
    Deferred revenue and other liabilities (note 5)          <u>         1,396,143                  138,604   </u>
            Total current liabilities                               130,047,492              152,063,595
Long-term debt (note 8)                                             261,738,503               66,832,018
Accrued maintenance expense (note 1)                                     -                    15,796,330
Deferred tax liability (note 9)                                      20,017,787                6,716,815
Deferred revenue and other liabilities (note 5)              <u>        17,072,868                3,142,885   </u>
            Total liabilities                                <u>       428,876,650              244,551,643   </u>

Stockholders' equity:
    Preferred stock, no par value, authorized 1,000,000
      shares; none issued
    Common stock, no par value, stated value of $.001 per
      share, authorized 100,000,000 shares; 29,674,050 and
      29,421,331 issued and outstanding at March 31, 2003
      and March 31, 2002, respectively                                   29,674                   29,422
    Additional paid-in capital                                       96,424,525               85,867,486
    Unearned ESOP shares (note 12)                                       -                    (2,119,670)
    Retained earnings                                        <u>        62,512,927               85,356,055   </u>
            Total stockholders' equity                       <u>       158,967,126              169,133,293   </u>

Commitments and contingencies (notes 3, 7, 12 and 15)
                                                                    587,843,776              413,684,936
                                                             ==============================================
See accompanying notes to financial statements.


<b>FRONTIER AIRLINES, INC.

Statement of Operations

Years Ended March 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001</b>


                                                          <u>2003</u>                    <u>2002</u>                    <u>2001</u>
Revenues:
                                                                                                                                                                         $
    Passenger                                        $ 460,187,753           $ 435,945,581           $ 462,608,847
    Cargo                                                5,557,153               6,623,665               7,516,867
    Other                                          <u>      4,191,009               2,505,479               2,750,713    </u>
            Total revenues                         <u>    469,935,915             445,074,725             472,876,427    </u>

Operating expenses:
    Flight operations                                  155,913,606             129,814,429             108,370,148
    Aircraft fuel expense                               85,896,535              61,226,385              71,083,152
    Aircraft and traffic servicing                      86,447,925              70,201,825              60,408,236
    Maintenance                                         75,559,243              70,227,020              65,529,428
    Promotion and sales                                 53,031,888              59,458,779              55,880,717
    General and administrative                          26,060,812              26,173,864              25,428,753
    Depreciation and amortization                  <u>     17,649,815              11,586,703               5,454,673    </u>

            Total operating expenses               <u>    500,559,824             428,689,005             392,155,107    </u>

            Operating income (loss)                <u>    (30,623,909)             16,385,720              80,721,320    </u>

Nonoperating income (expense):
    Interest income                                      1,882,691               4,388,249               7,897,282
    Interest expense                                    (8,041,412)             (3,382,695)                (94,393)
    Stabilization act compensation                           -                  12,703,007                   -
    Loss on early extinquishment of debt                (1,774,311)                  -                       -
    Aircraft lease termination                               -                  (4,913,650)                  -
    Unrealized derivative loss                            (299,328)                  -                       -
    Other, net                                     <u>       (652,897)               (348,329)               (191,771)   </u>

            Total nonoperating income(expense), net<u>     (8,885,257)              8,446,582               7,611,118    </u>

Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit)
    and cumulative effect of change in method of
    accounting for maintenance                         (39,509,166)             24,832,302              88,332,438

Income tax expense (benefit)                       <u>    (14,655,366)              8,282,312              33,464,665    </u>

Income (loss) before cumulative effect of
    change in method of accounting for maintenance     (24,853,800)             16,549,990              54,867,773

Cumulative effect of change in method  of accounting
    for maintenance, net of tax (note 1)           <u>      2,010,672                   -                       -        </u>

Net income (loss)                                    $ (22,843,128)           $ 16,549,990            $ 54,867,773
                                                   ===================================================================

(continued)


<b>FRONTIER AIRLINES, INC.

Statement of Operations, continued

Years Ended March 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001</b>


                                                          <u>2003</u>                    <u>2002</u>                    <u>2001</u>

Earnings (loss)  per share:
  Basic:
    Income (loss) before cumulative effect of a
      change in accounting principle                    ($0.84)                   $0.58                   $2.02
    Cumulative  effect of change in method
      of accounting for maintenance                <u>       0.07                      -                       -      </u>

    Net income (loss)                                   ($0.77)                   $0.58                   $2.02
                                                   ===================================================================

  Diluted:
    Income (loss) before cumulative effect of a
      change in accounting principle                    ($0.84)                   $0.56                   $1.90
    Cumulative  effect of change in method of
      accounting for maintenance                   <u>       0.07                     -                        -      </u>

    Net income (loss)                                   ($0.77)                   $0.56                   $1.90
                                                   ===================================================================

  Pro forma amounts assuming the new
    method of accounting for maintenance
    is applied retroactively:
      Net income                                                             17,661,307            $ 55,119,366
        Earnings per share:
            Basic                                                                 $0.62                   $2.03
            Diluted                                                               $0.60                   $1.91

Weighted average shares of
  common stock outstanding
            Basic                                       29,619,742           28,603,861              27,152,099
                                                   ===================================================================
            Diluted                                     29,619,742           29,515,150              28,842,783
                                                   ===================================================================

See accompanying notes to financial statements.






<b>FRONTIER AIRLINES, INC.

Statements of Stockholders' Equity

Years Ended March 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001</b>


                                        Common Stock           Additional     Unearned                       Total
                                                  Stated        paid-in         ESOP      Retained     stockholders'
                                    <u> Shares       value         capital        shares    earnings         equity    </u>

<b>Balances, March 31, 2000</b>             26,598,410   26,599       67,937,363     (857,713)  $13,938,292       81,044,541
Exercise of common stock
    warrants (note 10)                  583,030      583        1,450,570         -             -           1,451,153
Exercise of common stock
    options (note 11)                   879,025      879        1,884,366         -             -           1,885,245
Tax benefit from exercises of
    common stock options and
    warrants                               -          -         4,129,336         -             -           4,129,336
Contribution of common stock to
    employees  stock  ownership  plan
    (note 12)                           135,000      135        2,216,115   (2,216,250)         -                -
Amortization of employee stock
    compensation (note 12)                 -          -              -       1,411,876          -           1,411,876
Adjustment for fractional shares
    from stock dividend                    (863)      (1)         (10,832)        -             -             (10,833)
Net income                          <u>       -          -              -            -       54,867,773       54,867,773 </u>
Balances, March 31, 2001             28,194,602   28,195       77,606,918   (1,662,087)   68,806,065      144,779,091
Exercise of common stock
    warrants (note 10)                  525,000      525        1,311,975         -             -           1,312,500
Exercise  of common  stock  options
    (note 11)                           528,711      529        1,870,516         -             -           1,871,045
Tax benefit from exercises of
    common stock options and
    warrants                               -          -         2,252,023         -             -           2,252,023
Contribution of common stock to
    employees stock ownership plan
    (note 12)                           173,018      173        2,826,054   (2,826,227)         -                -
Amortization of employee stock
    compensation (note 12)                 -          -              -       2,368,644          -           2,368,644
Net income                          <u>       -          -              -            -       16,549,990       16,549,990 </u>
Balances, March 31, 2002             29,421,331   29,422       85,867,486   (2,119,670)   85,356,055      169,133,293
Exercise of common stock options
    (note 11)                           252,719      252          616,695         -             -             616,947
Warrants issued in conjunction
    with debt agreement (note 10)          -          -         9,282,538         -             -           9,282,538
Tax benefit from exercises of
    common stock options and warrants      -          -           657,806         -             -             657,806
Contribution of common stock to
    employees  stock  ownership  plan
    (note 12)                              -          -              -            -             -                -
Amortization of employee stock
    compensation (note 12)                 -          -              -       2,119,670          -           2,119,670
Net loss                                   -          -              -            -      (22,843,128)     (22,843,128)
Balances, March 31, 2003           $29,674,050  $29,674      $96,424,525   $     -      $62,512,927     $158,967,126
                                    =====================================================================================

See accompanying notes to financial statements.




<b>FRONTIER AIRLINES, INC.

Statements of Cash Flows

Years ended March 31, 2003, 2002, and 2001</b>


                                                        <u>2003</u>             <u>2002</u>               <u>2001</u>
Cash flows from operating activities:
    Net income (loss)                             $ (22,843,128)    $ 16,549,990       $ 54,867,773
    Adjustments to reconcile net
     income (loss) to net cash provided
     by operating activities:
       Employee stock ownership plan
         compensation expense                         2,641,624        2,368,644          1,411,876
       Depreciation and amortization                 18,297,444       11,670,818          5,618,200
       Impairment recorded on inventories             2,478,196        1,511,642               -
       Loss on disposal of equipment                    573,075          323,000             56,800
       Unrealized  derivative loss                      299,328             -                  -
       Deferred tax expense                          10,300,219        4,435,402          1,146,015
       Changes in operating assets
         and libilities:
           Restricted investments                    (1,031,556)      (4,588,250)        (5,639,400)
           Receivables                                2,679,621         (758,891)        (6,060,773)
           Income taxes receivable                  (17,770,072)            -                  -
           Security, maintenance and other deposits    (341,365)      (7,885,865)       (16,207,351)
           Prepaid expenses                           1,981,518         (164,522)        (3,462,229)
           Inventories                               (1,832,654)      (2,532,043)        (1,837,152)
           Deferred loan fees and other assets       (3,339,467)            -                  -
           Accounts payable                           3,203,355       (1,470,179)         7,215,154
           Air traffic liability                     (2,215,082)       1,459,846         18,144,400
           Other accrued expenses                        32,295        3,823,603            694,460
           Refundable stabilization act compensation (4,835,381)       4,835,381               -
           Accrued maintenance expense               (2,269,046)       7,638,480         16,578,273
           Deferred revenue and other liabilities    <u>14,378,900        3,077,326               -    </u>
             Net cash provided by operating
               activities                            <u>   387,843       40,294,382         72,526,046 </u>


Cash flows from investing activities:
    Decrease in short-term investments, net                -                -            13,760,000
    Decrease (increase) in aircraft
      lease and purchase deposits, net               12,891,605      (17,483,332)       (22,810,967)
    Decrease (increase) in restricted investments     1,176,000        1,137,700         (3,330,500)
    Proceeds from the sale of aircraft               29,750,000             -                  -
    Capital expenditures                           <u>(238,667,511)    (118,182,990)       (21,957,336)</u>
             Net cash used in investing
               activities                          <u>(194,849,206)    (134,528,622)       (34,338,803)</u>

Cash flows from financing activities:
    Net proceeds  from issuance of
      common stock and warrants                       1,274,753        3,183,545          3,325,566
    Proceeds from long-term borrowings              241,100,000       72,000,000               -
    Payment of financing fees                        (3,504,435)        (577,959)              -
    Principal payments on long-term borrowings      (28,945,720)      (1,942,331)              -
    Principal payments on obligations under
      captial leases                                <u>   (138,020)        (125,252)          (112,316)</u>
              Net cash provided by financing
                activities                          <u>209,786,578       72,538,003          3,213,250 </u>
              Net increase (decrease) in cash
                and cash equivalents                 15,325,215      (21,696,237)        41,400,493

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period       87,555,189      109,251,426         67,850,933


Cash and cash equivalents, end of period          $ 102,880,404     $ 87,555,189      $ 109,251,426
                                               ================= ================== =================

See accompanying notes to financial statements.




<b>FRONTIER AIRLINES, INC.

Notes to Financial Statements

March 31, 2003</b>


 <b>(1)    Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies</b>

        <b><i>Nature of Business</i></b>

        Frontier  Airlines,  Inc.  ("Frontier" or the "Company")  provides air  transportation for passengers
        and freight.  Frontier was  incorporated  in the State of Colorado on February 8, 1994 and  commenced
        operations  on July 5, 1994.  Denver-based  Frontier in  conjunction  with its  regional  jet partner
        Frontier  JetExpress  currently  serves 38 cities coast to coast with a fleet of 19 Boeing 737 and 17
        Airbus A319 jets, from its base in Denver,  and employs  approximately  3,200 aviation  professionals
        as of March 31, 2003.

        Airline  operations  have high fixed costs  relative to revenues and are highly  sensitive to various
        factors  including  the  actions  of  competing   airlines  and  general  economic   factors.   Small
        fluctuations  in  yield  per  revenue   passenger  mile  or  expense  per  available  seat  mile  can
        significantly affect operating results.

        <b><i>Preparation of Financial Statements and Use of Estimates</i></b>

        The preparation of financial  statements in conformity with accounting  principles generally accepted
        in the United States of America  requires  management to make estimates and  assumptions  that affect
        the reported  amounts of assets and liabilities  and disclosure of contingent  assets and liabilities
        at the date of the  financial  statements  and the reported  amounts of revenues and expenses  during
        the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.

        <b><i>Cash and Cash Equivalents</i></b>

        For financial  statement  purposes,  the Company  considers cash and short-term  investments  with an
        original  maturity of three months or less to be cash  equivalents.  These  investments are stated at
        cost,  which  approximates  fair value.  Cash  includes  $25,000,000  required to be available and on
        hand  based  on loan  covenants  with  our  loan  guaranteed  principally  by the Air  Transportation
        Stabilization Board ("ATSB") loan (see note 7).

        <b><i>Short-term Investments</i></b>

        Short-term  investments  consist of certificates of deposit with maturities  between three months and
        one year.  These  investments  are classified as  held-to-maturity  and are carried at amortized cost
        which  approximates  fair  value.  Held-to-maturity  securities  are  those  securities  in which the
        Company  has the  ability  and  intent  to hold the  security  until  maturity.  Interest  income  is
        recognized when earned.




<b>FRONTIER AIRLINES, INC.

Notes to Financial Statements, continued</b>

        <b><i>Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information</i></b>

        <i>Cash Paid During the Year for</i>:

                                                      <u>2003</u>                  <u>2002</u>              <u>2001</u>

                              Interest     $        6,490,758    $        3,081,370    $      94,393
                                Taxes        $             -       $        8,838,909    $  21,926,000

        <i>Supplemental disclosure of non-cash activities</i>:

        In connection with the commercial loan facility the Company  obtained  during the year ended March 31,
        2003,  the  Company  issued  warrants  to the ATSB and to two other  guarantors  for the  purchase of
        3,833,946  of our common  stock at $6.00 per  share.  The  warrants  had an  estimated  fair value of
        $9,282,538 which increased deferred loan fees and other assets and increased additional paid-in
        captial.  See Note 7.

        <b><i>Restricted Investments</i></b>

        Restricted  investments  include  certificates  of deposit  which  secure  certain  letters of credit
        issued  primarily  to  companies  which  process  credit  card  sale  transactions,  certain  airport
        authorities  and aircraft  lessors.  Restricted  investments  are carried at cost,  which  management
        believes  approximates  fair value.  Maturities  are for one year or less and the Company  intends to
        hold restricted investments until maturity.

        <b><i>Valuation and Qualifying Accounts</i></b>

        The allowance  for doubtful  accounts was  approximately  $237,000 and $155,000 at March 31, 2003 and
        2002,  respectively.  Provisions  for bad debts net of recoveries  totaled  $477,000,  $450,000,  and
        $1,179,000  for the years ended March 31,  2003,  2002 and 2001,  respectively.  Write-offs  from the
        allowance for doubtful  accounts totaled $395,000,  $663,000,  and $982,000 for the years ended March
        31, 2003, 2002, and 2001, respectively.

        At March 31, 2003 and 2002, we had reserves for our aircraft  rotable parts  totaling  $1,323,000 and
        $1,512,000,  respectively.  Write-offs from the reserve totaled $189,000 for the year ended March 31,
        2003.  Additionally, at March 31, 2003 inventories include a reserve for our aircraft expendable parts
        totaling $2,478,000 and none at March 31, 2002.  The Company recorded a reserve against Boeing spare
        parts inventory totaling $2,478,000 during the year ended March 31, 2003.

        Accrued  maintenance  expense  was  zero and  $53,324,000  at  March  31,  2003 and 2002, respecitvely.
        See "aircraft maintenance" below.  Effective April 1, 2002, the Company changed its method of accounting
        for maintenance checks from the accrue-in-advance method to the direct expensing  method.  Provisions
        for accrued  maintenance  expenses totaled  $22,168,000 and $24,970,000 for the years ended March 31,
        2002 and 2001,  respectively.  Deductions from accrued  maintenance  expense totaled  $14,530,000 and
        $8,391,000 for the years ended March 31, 2002 and 2001, respectively.

        <b><i>Inventories</i></b>

        Inventories  consist of expendable  aircraft  spare parts,  supplies and aircraft fuel and are stated
        at the lower of cost or market.  Inventories  are  accounted for on a first-in,  first-out  basis and
        are  charged to expense as they are used.  An  allowance  was  provided  in the year ended  March 31,
        2003 in the amount of  $2,478,000  for Boeing  spare parts that was based on the fair market value of
        the parts and the  estimated  useage of those  parts  throughout  the  remaining  lease  terms of the
        Boeing  aircraft.  The Company will continue to monitor this reserve  throughout  the duration of our
        fleet replacement plan.

        <b><i>Property and Equipment</i></b>

        Property  and  equipment  are  carried  at  cost.  Major  additions,  betterments  and  renewals  are
        capitalized.  Depreciation  and  amortization is provided for on a  straight-line  basis to estimated
        residual values over estimated depreciable lives as follows:

                  Aircraft                                    25 years
                  Capitalized software                        3 years
                  Flight equipment                            5-10 years
                  Improvements to leased aircraft             Life of improvements or term of lease,
                                                              whichever is less
                  Ground property, equipment, and
                    leasehold improvements                    3-5 years or term of lease


        Residual  values for aircraft are at 25% of the aircraft cost,  residual  values for engines range in
        amounts up to 48% of the engine's  cost and residual  values for major  rotable  parts are  generally
        10% of the cost of the asset,  except when a guaranteed  residual value or other  agreements exist to
        better  estimate the residual  value.  Assets  utilized  under capital  leases are amortized over the
        lesser of the lease term or the estimated  useful life of the asset using the  straight-line  method.
        Amortization of capital leases is included in depreciation expense.

        <b><i>Deferred Loan Fees</i></b>

        Deferred  loan fees,  including  the  estimated  fair value of warrants  issued to the  lenders,  are
        deferred and amortized  over the term of the related debt  obligation  using the  effective  interest
        method.

        <b><i>Impairment of Long-Lived Assets</i></b>

        The Company  records  impairment  losses on long-lived  assets used in operations  when indicators of
        impairment  are present and the  undiscounted  future cash flows  estimated  to be generated by those
        assets  are less than the  carrying  amount  of the  assets.  If an  impairment  occurs,  the loss is
        measured  by  comparing  the fair value of the asset to its  carrying  amount.  During the year ended
        March 31, 2002,  the Company  wrote down the carrying  value of rotable parts that support the Boeing
        737-200  aircraft by $1,512,000,  as a result of diminished  demand for that aircraft type. The write
        down was charged to  maintenance  expenses.  The  amount of the write down was based on  prevailing
        market values at that time.

        <b><i>Manufacturers' Credits</i></b>

        The Company  receives credits in connection with its purchase of aircraft,  engines,  auxiliary power
        units and other rotable  parts.  These credits are deferred  until the aircraft,  engines,  auxiliary
        power units and other  rotable  parts are  delivered  and then  applied as a reduction of the cost of
        the related equipment.

        <u><i>Aircraft Maintenance</i></u>

        The Company  operates under an  FAA-approved  continuous  inspection  and  maintenance  program.  The
        Company accounts for maintenance  activities on the direct expense method.  Under this method,  major
        overhaul  maintenance  costs are  recognized as expense as  maintenance  services are  performed,  as
        flight hours are flown for nonrefundable  maintenance  payments required by lease agreements,  and as
        the  obligation is incurred for payments  made under service  agreements.  Routine  maintenance  and
        repairs are charged to  operations  as incurred.  Prior to fiscal 2003 the Company  accrued for major
        overhaul costs on a per-flight-hour basis in advance of performing the maintenance services.

        Effective  January 1, 2003,  the Company and GE Engine  Services, Inc.  (GE)  executed a  twelve-year
        engine services  agreement (the "Services  Agreement")  covering the scheduled and unscheduled repair
        of Airbus engines.  Under the terms of the Services  Agreement,  the Company agreed to pay GE a fixed
        rate  per-engine-hour,  payable monthly,  and GE assumed the responsibility to overhaul the Company's
        engines  on Airbus  aircraft  as  required  during  the term of the  Services  Agreement,  subject to
        certain  exclusions.  The Company  believes the fixed rate per-engine hour  approximates the periodic
        cost the Company  would have  incurred to service  those  engines.  Accordingly,  these  payments are
        expensed as the obligation is incurred.

        Effective  April 1,  2002,  the  Company  changed  its  method of  accounting  for  certain  aircraft
        maintenance  costs from the accrual method of accounting to the direct expense method.  Under the new
        accounting  method,  maintenance  costs  are  recognized  as  expense  as  maintenance  services  are
        performed  and as flight hours are flown for  nonrefundable  maintenance  payments  required by lease
        agreements.  The Company  believes  the  direct-expense  method is  preferable  in the  circumstances
        because the  maintenance  liability  is not  recorded  until there is an  obligating  event (when the
        maintenance  event is actually  being  performed  or flight  hours are  actually  flown),  the direct
        expense method  eliminates  significant  estimates and judgments  inherent under the accrual  method,
        and it is the  predominant  method  used in the airline  industry.  Accordingly,  effective  April 1,
        2002,  the  Company  reversed  its major  overhaul  accrual  against  the  corresponding  maintenance
        deposits  and  recorded  a  cumulative  effect  of a change in  accounting  principle  of  $3,196,617
        ($2,010,672, net of income taxes).

        <b><i>Advertising Costs</i></b>

        The  Company  expenses  the  costs of  advertising  as  promotion  and  sales  in the year  incurred.
        Advertising  expense was $5,717,438,  $9,086,752,  and $6,076,501 for the years ended March 31, 2003,
        2002, and 2001, respectively.

        <b><i>Development Costs</i></b>

        Development costs related to the preparation of operations for new routes are expensed as incurred.

        <u><i>Revenue Recognition</i></u>

        Passenger,  cargo,  and other revenues are recognized  when the  transportation  is provided or after
        the tickets expire,  and are net of excise taxes.  Unearned  revenues have been deferred and included
        in the accompanying balance sheet as air traffic liability.

        <b><i>Passenger Traffic Commissions and Related Expenses</i></b>

        Passenger traffic  commissions and related expenses are expensed when the  transportation is provided
        and the related revenue is recognized.  Passenger  traffic  commissions and related  expenses not yet
        recognized are included as a prepaid expense.

        <b><i>Customer Loyalty Programs</i></b>

        In February  2001,  the Company  established  EarlyReturns,  a frequent  flyer  program to  encourage
        travel on its airline and customer loyalty.

        The Company  accounts for the  EarlyReturns  program under the incremental cost method whereby travel
        awards are valued at the incremental  cost of carrying one passenger  based on expected  redemptions.
        Those  incremental  costs are based on  expectations  of expenses  to be incurred on a per  passenger
        basis  and  include  food  and  beverages,  fuel,  liability  insurance,  and  ticketing  costs.  The
        incremental  costs do not include a contribution  to overhead,  aircraft cost or profit.  The Company
        does not record a liability  for  mileage  earned by  participants  who have not reached the level to
        become  eligible  for a free travel  award.  The Company  believes  this is  appropriate  because the
        large  majority of these  participants  are not  expected to earn a free  flight  award.  The Company
        does not record a liability  for the expected  redemption  of miles for  non-travel  awards since the
        cost of these awards to the Company is negligible.

        As of March 31, 2003 and 2002, the Company estimated that  approximately  14,615 and 4,600 round-trip
        flight awards,  respectively,  were eligible for redemption by EarlyReturns  members who have mileage
        credits  exceeding the 15,000-mile free round-trip  domestic ticket award threshold.  Of these earned
        awards,  the Company expected that  approximately 84% would be redeemed.  The difference  between the
        round-trip  awards  outstanding  and the awards  expected to be  redeemed  is the  estimate of awards
        which will (1) never be redeemed,  or (2) be redeemed  for  something  other than a free trip.  As of
        March 31,  2003 and 2002,  the  Company  had  recorded a  liability  of  approximately  $283,000  and
        $65,000, respectively, for these rewards.

        In March 2003 we entered into an agreement with a financial  institution,  a full-service credit card
        issuer,  to exclusively  offer Frontier  MasterCard  products to consumers,  customers and Frontier's
        EarlyReturns  frequent  flyer  members.  The credit card was  launched  in May 2003.  During the year
        ended March 31, 2003, we received a $10,000,000  advance on expected future earnings  associated with
        the program which is included in deferred revenues and other liabilities at March 31, 2003.

        <b><i>Deferred Revenue</i></b>

        Deferred revenue represents  advances received under an agreement with a financial  institution which
        is offering the Company a co-branded  MasterCard  product to our customers and other  consumers.  See
        "Customer Loyalty  Programs" above. As EarlyReturns  miles accrue in the members'  accounts,  we earn
        the  revenue  associated  with this  agreement  and amounts are  applied  against  the  advance.  The
        revenue  earned  from the sale of  frequent  flyer  miles  will be  further  deferred  and  amortized
        straight-line over 20 months.

        <b><i>Earnings (Loss)  Per Common Shar</i>e</b>

        Basic  earnings  per common share  excludes  the effect of  potentially  dilutive  securities  and is
        computed by dividing  income by the  weighted-average  number of common  shares  outstanding  for the
        period.  Diluted  earnings per common share reflects the potential  dilution of all  securities  that
        could share in earnings.

        <b><i>Income Taxes</i></b>

        The Company  accounts  for income  taxes using the asset and  liability  method.  Under that  method,
        deferred  income  taxes  are  recognized  for the tax  consequences  of  "temporary  differences"  by
        applying  enacted  statutory  tax  rates  applicable  to  future  years to  differences  between  the
        financial  statement  carrying amounts and tax bases of existing assets and liabilities.  A valuation
        allowance  for net deferred tax assets is provided  unless  realizability  is judged by management to
        be more likely than not.  The effect on deferred  taxes from a change in tax rates is  recognized  in
        income in the period that includes the enactment date.

        <b><i>Fair Value of Financial Instruments</i></b>

        The Company  estimates  the fair value of its monetary  assets and  liabilities  based upon  existing
        interest  rates  related to such assets and  liabilities  compared to current  rates of interest  for
        instruments  with a similar  nature and  degree of risk.  The  Company  estimates  that the  carrying
        value of all of its  monetary  assets and  liabilities  approximates  fair value as of March 31, 2003
        and 2002 with  exception of its fixed rate loans at March 31, 2003.  The Company estimates the fair
        value of its fixed rate loans to be approximately $49,619,955 as compared to the book value of
        $44,434,308 at March 31, 2003.

        <b><i>Derivative Instruments</i></b>

        The  Company has entered  into  derivative  instruments  which are  intended to reduce the  Company's
        exposure to changes in fuel  prices and  interest  rates.  The Company  accounts  for the  derivative
        instruments  entered  into as trading  instruments  under Statement  No. 133 of Financial Accounting
        Standards, "Accounting for Derivative instruments and Hedging Activities" and records the fair value
        of the derivatives as an asset or liability as of each  balance sheet date with a corresponding gain
        or loss  recorded in non-operating  income (expense).  The Company records any settlements received
        or  paid  as an adjustment to the cost of fuel or interest expense, as appropriate.

        <b><i>Stock Based Compensation</i></b>

        The Company  follows  Accounting  Principles  Board Opinion No. 25,  "Accounting  for Stock Issued to
        Employees"  ("APB 25") and related  Interpretations  in accounting for its employee stock options and
        follows the  disclosure  provisions  of  Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards  No. 123 (SFAS
        123).  The  Company  applies  APB 25  and  related  Interpretations  in  accounting  for  its  plans.
        Accordingly,  no  compensation  cost is recognized  for options  granted at a price equal to the fair
        market  value of the Common  Stock.  Pro forma  information  regarding  net income and  earnings  per
        share is required by SFAS 123,  which also  requires  that the  information  be  determined as if the
        Company  has  accounted  for  its  employee  stock  options  under  the  fair  value  method  of that
        Statement.  The  fair  value  for  these  options  was  estimated  at  the  date  of  grant  using  a
        Black-Scholes  option pricing model with the following  weighted-average  assumptions  for 2003, 2002
        and 2001,  respectively:  risk-free interest rates of 4.14%, 4.47% and 6.02%,  dividend yields of 0%,
        0% and 0%;  volatility  factors of the expected market price of the Company's common stock of 82.06%,
        83.75% and 56.78%, and a  weighted-average  expected life of the options of 2.5 years, 2.6 years, and
        2.7 years.  Had compensation  cost for the Company's  stock-based  compensation  plan been determined
        using the fair  value of the  options  at the grant  date,  the  Company's  pro forma net  income and
        earnings per share would be as follows:



                                                   <u>     2003                  2002                  2001   </u>

Net Income (loss):
            As Reported                            $ (22,843,128)        $  16,549,990         $  54,867,773
            Pro Forma                              $ (26,290,907)        $  14,424,422         $  53,527,821

          Earnings (loss) per share, basic:
            As Reported                            $       (0.77)        $        0.58         $        2.02
            Pro Forma                              $       (0.89)        $        0.50         $        1.97

          Earnings (loss) per share, diluted:

            As Reported                            $       (0.77)        $        0.56         $        1.90
            Pro Forma                              $       (0.89)        $        0.49         $        1.86

        <b><i>New Accounting Standards</i></b>

        In April  2002,  the FASB  issued SFAS No. 145,  "Rescission  of FASB  Statements  No. 4, 44, and 64,
        Amendment of FASB Statement No. 13, and Technical  Corrections".  This Statement rescinds SFAS No. 4,
        "Reporting Gains and Losses from  Extinguishment  of Debt",  SFAS No. 44,  "Accounting for Intangible
        Assets of Motor  Carriers"  and SFAS No. 64,  "Extinguishments  of Debt Made to Satisfy  Sinking-Fund
        Requirements".  This  statement  amends  SFAS No.  13,  "Accounting  for  Leases",  to  eliminate  an
        inconsistency  between the  required  accounting  for  sale-leaseback  transactions  and the required
        accounting  for  certain  lease  modifications  that  have  economic  effects  that  are  similar  to
        sale-leaseback  transactions.  The Company  early  adopted SFAS No. 145 in its fiscal year 2003.  The
        Company  classified  our loss on  early  extinguishment  of debt as a  non-operating  expense  in our
        statement of operations  rather than as an extraordinary  item as was previously  required before the
        issuance of SFAS No. 145.

        In July 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 146,  "Accounting  for Costs  Associated with Exit or Disposal
        Activities".  The Statement  addresses  financial  accounting and reporting for costs associated with
        exit or disposal  activities and nullifies EITF Issue No. 94-3,  "Liability  Recognition  for Certain
        Employee  Termination  Benefits and Other Costs to Exit an Activity (including Certain Costs Incurred
        in a  Restructuring)."  In May 2003,  the  Company  ceased  using  one of its  leased  Boeing  737-200
        aircraft prior to the lease  expiration  date and plans to cease using two additional  Boeing 737-200
        aircraft in July 2003.  The Company  will record a liability  and an expense  equal to the fair value
        of the  remaining  payments  required  under  the  leases in the  quarters  ending  June 30,  2003 and
        September 30, 2003.

        In November  2002,  the FASB issued  Interpretation  No. 45,  "Guarantor's  Accounting and Disclosure
        Requirements  for  Guarantees,   Including   Indirect   Guarantees  of  Indebtedness  to  others,  an
        interpretation  of FASB  Statements  No. 5, 57 and 107 and a rescission  of FASB  Interpretation  No.
        34." This  Interpretation  elaborates on the disclosures to be made by a guarantor in its interim and
        annual financial  statement about its obligations under guarantees issued.  The  Interpretation  also
        clarifies  that a guarantor is required to  recognize,  at inception of a guarantee,  a liability for
        the fair value of the obligation  undertaken.  The initial recognition and measurement  provisions of
        the  Interpretation  are  applicable to guarantees  issued or modified  after  December 31, 2002. The
        disclosure  requirements  are effective for financial  statements of interim or annual periods ending
        after December 15, 2002. The Company has not currently  guaranteed any  indebtedness  of others,  and
        therefore,  the adoption of the  interpretation  did not have an impact on the  Company's  results of
        operations or financial position.

        In December 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 148,  "Accounting for Stock-Based  Compensation-Transition
        and  Disclosure".  This  Statement  amends  FASB  Statement  No.  123,  "Accounting  for  Stock-Based
        Compensation",  to provide  alternative  methods of  transition  for a  voluntary  change to the fair
        value  based  method  of  accounting  for  stock-based  employee  compensation.   In  addition,  this
        Statement  amends the disclosure  requirements of Statement 123 to require  prominent  disclosures in
        both  annual  and  interim  financial  statements  about the  method of  accounting  for stock  based
        employee  compensation  and the effect of the method  used on reported  results.  The Company has not
        adopted the fair value method of accounting  for stock options,  and therefore,  the adoption of SFAS
        No. 148 did not have an effect on our results of operation or financial position.

        In  January  2003,  the FASB  issued  Interpretation  No. 46,  "Consolidation  of  Variable  Interest
        Entities,  and  Interpretation  of ARB No. 51." This  Interpretation  addresses the  consolidation by
        business   enterprises  of  variable  interest  entities  as  defined  in  the  Interpretation.   The
        Interpretation  applies  immediately to variable interest in variable interest entities created after
        January 31, 2003.  For  nonpublic  enterprises,  such as the Company,  with a variable  interest in a
        variable  interest  entity created  before  February 1, 2003,  the  Interpretation  is applied to the
        enterprise  no later  than the end of the first  annual  reporting  period  beginning  after June 15,
        2003. The Interpretation  requires certain  disclosures in financial  statements issued after January
        31, 2003 if it is  reasonably  possible  that the Company will  consolidate  or disclose  information
        about variable  interest  entities when the  Interpretation  becomes  effective.  The  application of
        this Interpretation is not expected to have a material effect on the Company's financial statements.

        In April 2003,  the FASB issued SFAS No. 149,  "Amendment of Statement 133 on Derivative  Instruments
        and Hedging  Activities".  This  Statement  amends and clarifies  financial  accounting and reporting
        for derivative  instruments,  including certain  derivative  instruments  embedded in other contracts
        (collectively  referred to as derivatives)  and for hedging  activities under FASB Statement No. 133,
        "Accounting  for  Derivative  instruments  and Hedging  Activities".  This Statement is effective for
        contracts  entered  into or  modified  after June 30, 2003 and for  hedging  relationship  designated
        after June 30, 2003. The  application of this Statement is not expected to have a material  effect on
        the Company's financial statements.

        In May 2003,  the FASB issued SFAS No.  150,  "Accounting  for  Certain  Financial  Instruments  with
        Characteristics  of Both  Liabilities and Equity".  This Statement  establishes  standards for how an
        issuer  classifies  and  measures  certain  financial   instruments  with   characteristics  of  both
        liabilities  and equity.  It requires that an issuer  classify a financial  instrument that is within
        its scope as a  liability  (or an asset in some  circumstances).  This  Statement  is  effective  for
        financial  instruments  entered  into or modified  after May 31,  2003 and for  hedging  relationship
        designated  after June 30, 2003.  The  application  of this Statement will not have any impact on the
        Company's financial statements.

        <b><i>Reclassifications</i></b>

        Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.

<b>(2)     Government Assistance</b>

        <b><i>Air Transportation Safety and System Stabilization Act</i></b>

        As a result of the September 11, 2001 terrorist  attacks on the United States,  on September 22, 2001
        President  Bush  signed  into law the Air  Transportation  Safety and System  Stabilization  Act (the
        "Act").  The Act which provided,  among other things,  for  compensation to U.S.  passenger and cargo
        airlines for direct and increment  losses  incurred from September 11, 2001 to December 31, 2001 as a
        result  of  the  September  11  terrorist  attacks.  The  Company  was  eligible  to  receive  up  to
        approximately  $20,200,000  from the $5  billion in cash  compensation  provided  for in the Act,  of
        which  $17,538,388  was received as of March 2002.  The Company  recognized  $12,703,007 of the grant
        during the year ended  March 31,  2002 which is included in  non-operating  income and  expense.  The
        remaining  $4,835,381  represents  amounts  received  in excess of  estimated  allowable  direct  and
        incremental  losses  incurred  from  September  11,  2001  through  December  31, 2001 and was repaid
        during the year ended March 31, 2003.

        <b><i>Emergency Wartime Supplemental Wartime Supplement Appropriations Act</i></b>

        The Emergency Wartime Supplemental  Wartime Supplemental  Appropriations Act (the Appropriations Act)
        enacted  on April 16,  2003,  which  made  available  approximately  $2.3  billion  to U.S.  flag air
        carriers  for  expenses  and revenue  foregone  related to aviation  security.  In order to have been
        eligible  to  receive a portion  of this  fund,  air  carriers  must have paid one or both of the TSA
        security  fees, the September 11th Security Fee and/or the Aviation  Security  Infrastructure  Fee as
        of the date of enactment of the  Appropriations  Act.  According  to the  Appropriations  Act, an air
        carrier may use the amount received as the air carrier  determines.  The  Appropriations Act requires
        air  carriers  who accept  these  funds to limit the  compensation  paid  during the 12 month  period
        beginning  April 1, 2003 to each  executive  officer  to an amount  equal to no more than the  annual
        salary paid to that  officer  with  respect to the air  carrier's  fiscal year 2002.  Pursuant to the
        Appropriations Act, the Company received $15,573,000 in May 2003.

        Additionally,  the Appropriations Act provided for additional  reimbursements to be made to U.S. flag
        air  carriers  for costs  incurred  related to the FAA  requirements  for  enhanced  flight deck door
        security  measures  that were  mandated  as a result  of the  September  11  terrorist  attacks.  The
        Company is unable to determine how much of the costs incurred will be reimbursed.

<b>(3)     Derivative Instruments</b>

        <b><i>Fuel Hedging</i></b>

        In  November  2002,  the  Company  initiated  a fuel  hedging  program  comprised  of swap and collar
        agreements.  Under a swap agreement,  the Company receives the difference  between a fixed swap price
        and a price  based on an  agreed  upon  published  spot  price for jet  fuel.  If the index  price is
        higher than the fixed  price,  the Company  receives the  difference  between the fixed price and the
        spot price.  If the index price is lower,  the Company pays the  difference.  A collar  agreement has
        a cap price, a primary floor price,  and a secondary  floor price.  When the U.S. Gulf Coast Pipeline
        Jet index  price is above the cap,  the Company  receives  the  difference  between the index and the
        cap.  When the index  price is below the primary  floor but above the  secondary  floor,  the Company
        pays the  difference  between the index and the primary floor.  However,  when the price is below the
        secondary  floor,  the  Company is only  obligated  to pay the  difference  between  the  primary and
        secondary floor prices.

        In November  2002,  the  Company  entered  into a swap  agreement  with a notional  volume of 770,000
        gallons  per  month of jet fuel for the  period  from  December  1, 2002 to May 31,  2003.  The fixed
        price under this  agreement is 72.25 cents per gallon.  The volumes were  estimated to represent  10%
        of fuel  purchases for that period.  The Company  entered into a second  contract in November 2002, a
        three-way  collar,  with a notional  volume of 385,000  gallons per month for the period  December 1,
        2002 to  November  30,  2003.  The cap  prices for this  agreement  is 82 cents per  gallon,  and the
        primary and secondary  floor prices are at 72 and 64.5 cents per gallon  respectively.  The volume of
        fuel covered by this  contract is estimated to  represent 5% of fuel  purchases  for that period.  In
        March 2003,  the Company  entered into a second swap  agreement  with a notional  volume of 1,260,000
        gallons  per month for the period  from April 1, 2003 to June 30,  2003.  The fixed price of the swap
        is 79.25 cents per gallon and the  agreement  is estimated to  represent  15% of fuel  purchases  for
        that  period.  In April  2003,  we entered  into a third  swap  agreement  with a notional  volume of
        1,260,000  gallons per month for the period from July 1, 2003 to December 31,  2003.  The fixed price
        of the swap is 71.53  cents per  gallon and the  agreement  is  estimated  to  represent  15% of fuel
        purchases  for that period.  The results of  operations  for the year ended March 31, 2003 include an
        unrealized  derivative  loss of $167,046  which is included in  nonoperating  income  (expense) and a
        realized  gain of  approximately  $726,000 in cash  settlements  from a  counter-party  recorded as a
        reduction  of fuel  expense.  The  Company  was not a party to any  derivative  contracts  during the
        years ended March 31, 2002 or 2001.



        <b><i>Interest Rate Hedging Program</i></b>

        In March 2003, the Company  entered into an interest rate swap  agreement  with a notional  amount of
        $27,000,000  to a portion  of the  $70,000,000  commercial  loan  facility  as  discussed  in note 7.
        Under the  interest  rate swap  agreement,  the Company is paying a fixed rate of 2.45% and receive a
        variable rate based on the three month LIBOR.  At March 31, 2003,  our interest  rate swap  agreement
        had an  estimated  unrealized  loss of  $132,282  which was  recorded  as an  unrealized  loss and is
        included in  non-operating  expenses in the  statement  of  operations.  The Company did not have any
        interest rate swap agreements outstanding during the years ended March 31, 2002 or 2001.

<b>(4)    Property and Equipment, Net</b>

        As of March 31, 2003 and 2002 property and equipment consisted of the following:

                                                                                    <u>2003</u>                <u>2002</u>
        Aircraft, spare aircraft parts, and
          improvements to leased aircraft                                    $   345,804,415     $   142,590,544
        Ground property, equipment and leasehold
          improvements                                                            24,460,880          20,989,272
        Construction in progress                                                   1,293,135           1,829,400
                                                                             <u>    371,558,430         165,409,216  </u>
        Less accumulated depreciation and amortization
                                                                             <u>    (37,065,447)        (22,547,445) </u>
        Property and equipment, net                                          $   334,492,983     $   142,861,771
                                                                             ==================  =================

        Property and equipment  includes  certain  office  equipment and software  under capital  leases.  At
        March 31,  2003 and 2002,  office equipment and software  recorded under capital leases were $602,149
        in both years and  accumulated  amortization  was $493,754 and $400,843,  respectively.  At March 31,
        2002,  construction  in progress  includes  capitalized  software  totaling  approximately  $642,000.
        Airbus flight equipment not yet placed in service totalled  approximately  $1,219,000 and $1,187,000,
        at March 31, 2003 and 2002, respectively.

        During the year ended  March 31,  2003,  we  completed  a  sale-leaseback  transaction  on one of our
        purchased  aircraft and  assigned a purchase  commitment  on another  Airbus  A319,  generating  cash
        proceeds of  approximately  $42,056,000,  of which  $22,863,368 was used to repay the loan secured by
        one of these  aircraft  and  $1,774,311  associated  with the early  extinguishment  of the debt.  We
        agreed to lease both of these  aircraft  over a  five-year  term.  The fees paid were  recorded  as a
        loss on  early  extinguishment  of debt  and is  included  in  non-operating  income  (expense).  The
        Company  recognized a gain of  approximately  $1,169,000  on the sale which has been  deferred and is
        being amortized as a reduction of lease expense over the five-year term of the leases.

<b>(5)     Deferred Revenue and Other Liabilities</b>

        At March 31, 2003 and 2002 deferred revenue and other liabilities is comprised of the following:

                                                                              2003                 2002

             Advance received for co-branded credit card
               revenue (note 1)                                             10,000,000              -
             Deferred rent                                                   8,122,500            3,077,326
             Other                                                     <u>        346,511 </u><u>             204,163    </u>

             Total deferred revenue and other liabilities                   18,469,011            3,281,489

             Less current portion                                      <u>     (1,396,143)</u><u>            (138,604)    </u>
                                                                         $  17,072,868       $    3,142,885
                                                                       ===================  ===================


<b>(6)     Other Accrued Expenses</b>

        The March 31, 2003 and 2002 other accrued expenses is comprised of the following:

                                                           <u>2003</u>                 <u>2002</u>

Accrued salaries and benefits      $14,103,101          $11,857,466
                    Federal excise taxes payable         3,899,329            6,383,350
                    Other                                4,911,229            3,819,266

                                                       $22,913,659          $22,060,082
                                                   ===================  ===================

<b>(7)     Lease Commitments</b>

        <b><i>Aircraft Leases</i></b>

        At March 31, 2003 and 2002, the Company  operated 27 leased  aircraft,  which are accounted for under
        operating  lease  agreements  with initial  terms  ranging from 3 years to 12 years.  Certain  leases
        allow for renewal  options.  Security  deposits related to leased aircraft and future leased aircraft
        deliveries  at March 31, 2003 and 2002  totaled  $6,320,933  and  $5,293,189,  respectively,  and are
        included in security,  maintenance and other deposits.  Letters of credit issued to certain  aircraft
        lessors in lieu of cash  deposits  and related  restricted  investments  to secure  these  letters of
        credit at March 31, 2003 and 2002 totaled $7,959,100 and $9,282,700, respectively.

        During the year ended March 31, 2002, the Company  negotiated early lease  terminations on two of its
        Boeing 737-200  aircraft  resulting in a charge of $4,913,650,  representing  the payment amounts due
        to terminate the lease early.

        In  addition  to  scheduled  future  minimum  lease  payments,   the  Company  is  required  to  make
        supplemental  rent  payments  to cover the cost of major  scheduled  maintenance  overhauls  of these
        aircraft.  These  supplemental  rentals are based on the number of flight hours flown  and/or  flight
        departures.  The lease  agreements  require the  Company to pay taxes,  maintenance,  insurance,  and
        other  operating  expenses  applicable to the leased  property.  Effective  April 1, 2002, we changed
        our method of accounting for maintenance costs.  This change in accounting method resulted in a decrease
        in maintenance deposits and related maintenance accruals totaling $51,055,190 and $59,055,258,
        respectively.

        <b><i>Other Leases</i></b>

        The  Company  leases  an  office,   hangar  space,   spare  engines  and  office  equipment  for  its
        headquarters,  airport  facilities,  and certain  other  equipment.  The Company also leases  certain
        airport gate facilities on a month-to-month basis.

        At  March  31,  2003,   commitments  under   noncancelable   operating  leases  (excluding   aircraft
        supplemental rent requirements) with terms in excess of one year were as follows:

                                                                                 Operating
                                                                                  <u>Leases</u>
                               Year ended March 31:
                               2004                                          $  83,325,975
                               2005                                             76,790,940
                               2006                                             61,477,754
                               2007                                             56,339,841
                               2008                                             55,419,581
                               Thereafter                                      328,517,593
                                                                          <u>                 </u>

                                     Total minimum lease payments             $661,871,684
                                                                          =================

        Rental expense under operating leases,  including  month-to-month  leases,  for the years ended March
        31, 2003, 2002 and 2001 was $92,337,439, $86,603,234 and $80,781,897, respectively.

<b>(8)    Long-term Debt</b>

        Long-term debt at March 31 consisted of the following:

           Commercial loan facility payable through 2007,
             6.60% weighted average interest rate at
             March 31, 2003, including guarantee fees,
             variable interest rates based on LIBOR plus
             margins ranging from .07% to 2.5%                              $  70,000,000         $         -
           Aircraft notes payable, 6.62% weighted average
             interest rate                                                     44,434,308            70,057,669
           Aircraft notes payable, variable interest rates
             based on LIBOR plus margins ranging from
             1.25% to 1.70%, 2.85% weighted average interest
             rates at March 31, 2003                                       <u>   167,777,641                  -   </u>
           Total debt                                                         282,211,949            70,057,669

           Less current maturities                                         <u>    20,473,446             3,225,651</u>

                                                                             $261,738,503          $ 66,832,018
                                                                           ====================  =================


        In February 2003, the Company  obtained a $70,000,000  commercial loan facility of which  $69,300,000
        was guaranteed by the ATSB and two other  parties.  The loan has three  tranches;  Tranche A, Tranche
        B and Tranche C, in amounts totaling  $63,000,000,  $6,300,000 and $700,000,  respectively.  At March
        31, 2003 the interest rates were 2.09%,  2.44%, and 3.89%,  respectively.  The interest rates on each
        tranche  of  the  loan  adjust  quarterly  based  on  LIBOR  rates.   The  loan  requires   quarterly
        installments of approximately  $2,642,000  beginning in December 2003 with a final balloon payment of
        $33,000,000  due in June  2007.  Upon  receipt  of the  Company's  income  tax  receivable,  which is
        pledged  under this loan  agreement,  the Company is required to make a pre-payment  of  $10,000,000,
        which is applied against the next successive  installments  due.  Interest is payable  quarterly,  in
        arrears.  Guarantee  fees of 4.5% annually are payable  quarterly in advance to the guarantors of the
        Tranche A and Tranche B loans.  The loan  facility is secured by certain assets of the Company as
        described in the loan agreement, consisting primarily of Boeing rotable fixed assts, all expendable
        inventory and 50% of other property and equipment. In connection with this transaction, the Company
        issued warrants to purchase of 3,833,946 shares of our common stock at $6.00 per share to the ATSB and to
        two other  guarantors.  The warrants had an estimated fair value of $9,282,538 when issued and expire
        seven years after  issuance.  The fair value for these  options  was  estimated  at the date of grant
        using a Black-Scholes  option pricing model.  This amount is being amortized to interest expense over
        the life of the loan.  The effective  interest rate on the notes is  approximately  10.26%  including
        the value of the warrants and other costs  associated  with  obtaining  the loan,  assuming  that the
        variable  interest  rates  payable  on the  notes  at March  31,  2003.  The  notes  contain  certain
        covenants  which  requires the Company to maintain  certain  ratios with respect to  indebtedness  to
        EBITDAR and EBITDAR to fixed  charges  beginning  January 1,  2004..  The Company is not  required to
        meet certain  liquidity  tests until the quarter  ending March 31, 2004.  Unrestricted  cash balances
        cannot be less than  $25,000,000 at any time through  September 30, 2004 or  $75,000,000  thereafter.
        The company is in compliance with these requirements at March 31, 2003.

        During the year ended March 31, 2002,  the Company  entered  into a credit  agreement to borrow up to
        $72,000,000  for the purchase of three Airbus  aircraft with a maximum  borrowing of $24,000,000  per
        aircraft.  During  the  year  ended  March  31,  2003,  the  Company  entered  into a  sale-leaseback
        transaction  for one of these  purchased  aircraft and repaid the remaining loan with the proceeds of
        the sale.  Each  remaining  aircraft  loan has a term of 10 years  and is  payable  in equal  monthly
        installments,  including  interest,  payable in arrears.  The aircraft secure the loans.  Each of the
        remaining  loans  require  monthly  principal and interest  payments of $215,000 and $218,110,  bears
        interest  with rates of 6.71% and 6.54%,  with  maturities  in May and August  2011,  at which time a
        balloon payment totaling  $10,200,000 is due with respect to each loan.

        During the year ended March 31, 2003,  the Company  entered into  additional  loans to finance  seven
        additional  Airbus aircraft with interest rates based on LIBOR plus margins that adjust  quarterly or
        semi-annually.  At March 31, 2003  interest  rates for these loans  ranged from 2.56% to 3.01%,  each
        loan  has a term of 12  years  and  each  loan  has  balloon  payments  ranging  from  $4,800,000  to
        $7,770,000 at the end of the term.  The loans are secured by a aircraft.

        Maturities of long-term debt are as follows:

                                   2004                      $   20,473,446
                                   2005                          16,863,741
                                   2006                          22,139,219
                                   2007                          22,724,668
                                   2008                          45,776,232
                                   Thereafter               <u>    154,234,644  </u>
                                                              $ 282,211,949
                                                            ===================

<b>(9)    Income Taxes</b>

        Income tax expense  (benefit) for the years ended March 31, 2003,  2002, and 2001  including  amounts
        recorded as the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, was as follows:

                                              Current             Deferred               Total
                  Year ended March 31, 2003:
                    U.S. Federal          $ (24,433,153)         $12,515,808       $ (11,917,345)
                    State and local       <u>         -              (1,467,730          (1,467,730)   </u>
                                          $ (24,433,153)         $11,048,078       $ (13,385,075)
                                         =================== ==================== ===============

                  Year ended March 31, 2002:
                    U.S. Federal          $   4,714,262          $ 3,971,593       $   8,685,855
                    State and local       <u>    (867,353)              463,809            (403,544)   </u>
                                          $   3,846,909          $ 4,435,402       $   8,282,311
                                         =================== ==================== ===============

                  Year ended March 31, 2001:
                    U.S. Federal          $  28,441,039          $ 1,008,515       $  29,449,554
                    State and local       <u>   3,877,611               137,500           4,015,111    </u>
                                          $  32,318,650          $ 1,146,015       $  33,464,665
                                         =================== ==================== ===============




       The differences between the Company's effective rate for income taxes and the federal statutory rate
       are shown in the following table:

                                               2003               2002              2001
             Income  tax (benefit) expense
               at the statutory rate           (35%)               35%               35%
             State and local income tax,
               net of federal income tax
               benefit                          (3%)               (3%)               3%
             Nondeductible expenses     <u>         1%                 1%                     </u>
                                               (37%)               33%               38%
                                     =================  ================= ===============

        The tax effects of temporary  differences that give rise to significant  portions of the deferred tax
        assets (liabilities) at March 31, 2003 and 2002 are presented below:

                                                                     <u>2003</u>                 <u>2002</u>
                Deferred tax assets:
                  Accrued vacation and health insurance
                    liability not deductible for tax purposes   $  2,383,676         $  1,719,555
                  Accrued workers compensation liability
                    not deductible for tax purposes                  939,777              483,879
                  Deferred rent not deductible for tax
                    purposes                                       3,025,846            1,157,725
                  Impairment recorded on inventory
                    and fixed assets not deductible
                    for tax purposes                               1,420,127              564,317
                  State tax loss carryforward                           -               1,815,034
                  Deferred revenue currently taxable                    -               3,760,000
                  Other                                         <u>   1,314,577              207,479   </u>
                    Total gross deferred tax assets             $ 14,659,037        $   4,132,955
                                                               ==================   ===================

               Deferred tax liabilities:
                  Equipment depreciation and amortization       $(29,107,695)       $  (8,438,857)
                  Accrued maintenance expense deductible
                     for tax purposes                                   -                (724,659)
                  Prepaid commissions                           <u>     (55,639)            (622,835)  </u>

                    Total gross deferred tax liabilities        $(29,887,993)       $  (9,061,692)
                                                               ================== ===================
                    Net deferred tax liabilities                $(15,228,956)       $  (4,928,737)


        The net deferred tax assets (liabilities) are reflected in the accompanying balance sheet as
        follows:

                                                                     <u>2003</u>                 <u>2002</u>

                  Current deferred tax assets                   $  4,788,831        $   1,788,078
                  Non-current deferred tax liabilities       <u>    (20,017,787)          (6,716,815)  </u>
                     Net deferred tax liabilities               $(15,228,956)       $  (4,928,737)
                                                             ==================== ====================

        During the year ended  March 31,  2001,  the  Company  accrued  income tax expense at a rate of 38.7%
        which was greater than the actual  effective tax rate of 37.6%  determined upon completion and filing
        of the income tax returns in December  2001. As a result,  during the year ended March 31, 2002,  the
        Company  recorded  a credit to income  tax  expense  totaling  $1,327,000  for this  excess  accrual.
        During the year ended March 31, 2002,  the Company also  recorded a $441,000  reduction to income tax
        expense as a result of a review and  revision of state tax  apportionment  factors used in filing the
        amended state tax returns for 2000.

<b>(10)     Warrants and Stock Purchase Rights</b>

        In April 1998, in  connection  with a private  placement of shares of its Common  Stock,  the Company
        issued a warrant to an institutional  investor to purchase  1,075,393 shares of its Common Stock at a
        purchase  price  of  $2.50  per  share.  During  the  years  ended  March  31,  2002  and  2001,  the
        institutional  investor  exercised 525,000 and 550,394 warrants,  respectively,  with net proceeds to
        the Company totaling $1,312,500 and $1,375,984.

        In February 2003, the Company issued warrants to purchase  3,833,946  shares of common stock at $6.00
        per  share to the  ATSB and to two  other  guarantors,  as  discuss  in note 7. The  warrants  had an
        estimated  fair value of  $9,282,538  when issued and expire  seven years  after  issuance.  The fair
        value for these  options was  estimated  at the date of grant using a  Black-Scholes  option  pricing
        model.

        In February 1997,  the Board of Directors  declared a dividend of one Common Stock purchase right for
        each share of the  Company's  Common  Stock  outstanding  on March 15,  1997.  Each right  entitles a
        shareholder  to purchase one share of the  Company's  Common Stock at a purchase  price of $65.00 per
        full common share,  subject to  adjustment.  There are  currently  0.67 rights  associated  with each
        outstanding  share of Common  Stock.  The  rights are not  currently  exercisable,  but would  become
        exercisable  if certain  events  occurred  relating to a person or group  acquiring or  attempting to
        acquire  20 percent or more of the  outstanding  shares of the  Company's  Common  Stock.  The rights
        expire on  February  20,  2007,  unless  redeemed  by the  Company  earlier.  Once the rights  become
        exercisable,  each  holder of a right will have the right to receive,  upon  exercise,  Common  Stock
        (or, in certain  circumstances,  cash,  property or other  securities of the Company)  having a value
        equal to two times the exercise price of the right.

<b>(11)   Stock Option Plan</b>

        The Company has a stock  option plan whereby the Board of  Directors  or its  Compensation  Committee
        may grant  options to purchase  shares of the  Company's  Common Stock to  employees,  officers,  and
        directors of the Company.

        Under the plan,  the Company has  reserved  an  aggregate  of  6,375,000  shares of Common  Stock for
        issuance  pursuant to the  exercise of options.  With  certain  exceptions,  options  issued  through
        March 31,  2003  generally  vest  over a  five-year  period  from the date of grant and  expire  from
        March 9,  2004 to March 27, 2013.  At March 31, 2003,  475,075  options are available for grant under
        the plan.

        A summary of the stock option  activity and related  information  for the years ended March 31, 2003,
        2002 and 2001 is as follows:

                                       <u>          2003                    2002                    2001         </u>
                                                        Weighted-               Weighted-                Weighted-
                                                         Average                 Average                  Average
                                                        Exercise                Exercise                 Exercise
                                          Options        Price     Options       Price     Options        Price
                                       <u>                                                                       </u>
        Outstanding-beginning of year    2,070,033       $8.78    2,203,444      $6.07    2,629,469       $3.61
        Granted                            667,500      $12.07      579,300     $14.95      517,500      $11.56
        Exercised                         (252,719)      $2.44     (528,711)     $3.45     (879,025)      $2.18
        Surrendered                    <u>    (53,999)     $12.72     (184,000)    $11.27      (64,500)      $5.95</u>
        Outstanding-end of year          2,430,815      $10.28    2,070,033      $8.78    2,203,444       $2.23
                                      =========================================================================

        Exercisable at the end of year   1,168,815      $10.01      831,834      $6.65      911,945       $3.16

        Exercise  prices for  options  outstanding  under the plan as of March 31,  2003 ranged from $.667 to
        $24.168 per share.  The  weighted-average  remaining  contractual life of those options is 7.3 years.
        A summary of the  outstanding  and  exercisable  options at March 31,  2003,  segregated  by exercise
        price ranges, is as follows:


                                                          Weighted-
                                                           Average
                                          Weighted-       Remaining                       Weighted-
     Exercise Price      Options           Average       Contractual      Exercisable      Average
    <u>     Range         Outstanding      Exercise Price  Life (in years)     Options     Exercise Price    </u>
     $ 0.667 - $ 4.98    357,515            $2.61            5.4            191,515        $1.7615
     $ 5.150 - $ 8.834   883,000             6.59            7.1            431,500         6.18000
     $10.001 - $ 14.85   541,000            12.35            7.5            201,500        11.8000
     $15.140 - $19.461   533,000            16.89            8.8            253,000        17.0800
     $21.200 - $24.168<u>   116,300            21.95            8.7             91,300        21.8200        </u>
                       2,430,815           $10.28            7.4          1,168,815       $10.01
                      ====================================================================================

<b>(12)    Retirement Plans</b>

        <b><i>Employee Stock Ownership Plan</i></b>

        The Company has  established an Employee  Stock  Ownership Plan (ESOP) which inures to the benefit of
        each employee of the Company,  except those employees  covered by a collective  bargaining  agreement
        that  does  not  provide  for  participation  in the  ESOP.  Company  contributions  to the  ESOP are
        discretionary  and may vary from year to year.  In order for an employee to receive an  allocation of
        Company  Common  Stock from the ESOP,  the  employee  must be  employed on the last day of the ESOP's
        plan year, with certain  exceptions.  The Company's annual  contribution to the ESOP, if any, will be
        allocated  among the eligible  employees of the Company as of the end of each plan year in proportion
        to the relative  compensation  (as defined in the ESOP) earned that plan year by each of the eligible
        employees.  The ESOP does not provide for  contributions by participating  employees.  Employees will
        vest in  contributions  made to the ESOP based upon their years of service with the  Company.  A year
        of service  is an ESOP plan year  during  which an  employee  has at least  1,000  hours of  service.
        Vesting generally occurs at the rate of 20% per year,  beginning after the first year of service,  so
        that a participating  employee will be fully vested after five years of service.  Distributions  from
        the ESOP will not be made to employees  during  employment.  However,  upon termination of employment
        with the  Company,  each  employee  will be  entitled  to receive  the  vested  portion of his or her
        account balance.

        During the years ended March 31, 2002 and 2001, the Company  contributed  173,018 and 135,000 shares,
        respectively to the plan. Total Company  contributions  to the ESOP from inception  through March 31,
        2003 totaled 1,194,831 shares.  In May 2003, the Company  contributed  347,968 shares to the plan for
        the plan year ending  December  31,  2003.  The Company  accrued  $521,954 of the expense  associated
        with this for the three  months ended March 31, 2003 as an accrued  liability at March 31, 2003.  The
        Company  recognized  compensation  expense during the years ended  March 31,  2003,  2002 and 2001 of
        $2,642,545, $2,368,644 and $1,411,876, respectively, related to its contributions to the ESOP.

        <b><i>Retirement Savings Plan</i></b>

        The Company has  established a Retirement  Savings Plan (401(k)).  Participants  may contribute  from
        1%  to  15%  of  their  pre-tax  annual   compensation.   Annual   individual   pre-tax   participant
        contributions  are  limited to $12,000 if under the age of 50, and  $14,000 if over the age of 50 for
        calendar  year 2003,  $11,000 for calendar  year 2002 and $10,500 for calendar  year 2001,  under the
        Internal Revenue Code.  Participants are immediately vested in their voluntary contributions.

        The Company's  Board of Directors  have elected to match 50% of participant  contributions  up to 10%
        of salaries from May 2000 through  December  2003.  During the years ended March 31, 2003,  2002, and
        2001,  the  Company  recognized  compensation  expense  associated  with the  matching  contributions
        totaling  $2,536,363,  $2,087,984 and $1,286,611,  respectively.  Future matching  contributions,  if
        any,  will be  determined  annually  by the Board of  Directors.  In order to  receive  the  matching
        contribution,  participants  must be  employed  on the last day of the plan year.  Participants  will
        vest in  contributions  made to the 401(k)  based upon their  years of service  with the  Company.  A
        year of  service  is a 401(k)  plan year  during  which a  participant  has at least  1,000  hours of
        service.  Vesting  generally  occurs at the rate of 20% per year,  beginning  after the first year of
        service,  so that a participant  will be fully vested after five years of service.  Upon  termination
        of employment with the Company,  each  participant  will be entitled to receive the vested portion of
        his or her account balance.

        <b><i>Retirement Health Plan</i></b>

        In conjunction with the Company's  collective  bargaining  agreement with its pilots,  retired pilots
        and their  dependents  may retain  medical  benefits under the terms and conditions of the Health and
        Welfare  Plan for  Employees  of  Frontier  Airlines,  Inc.  ("the  Plan")  until age 65. The cost of
        retiree medical  benefits are continued  under the same  contribution  schedule as active  employees.
        The following table provides a  reconciliation  of the changes in the benefit  obligations  under the
        Plan for the years ended March 31, 2003 and 2002.

        Reconciliation of benefit obligation:

                                                                      <u>2003</u>           <u>2002</u>
                         Obligation at beginning of period      $   758,162     $  344,348
                           Service cost                             423,009        402,866
                           Interest cost                             55,445         25,288
                           Benefits paid                            (22,450)        (4,627)
                           Net actuarial loss (gain)            <u>  1,072,584         (9,713)   </u>
                         Obligation at end of period            $ 2,286,750     $  758,162
                                                                ==============================

        A 1% change in the  healthcare  cost  trend rate used in  measuring  the  accumulated  postretirement
benefit obligation (APDO) at March 31, 2003, would have the following effects:

                                                                      <u>1% increase</u>     <u>1% decrease</u>

           Increase (decrease) in total service and interest cost       42,185         (40,466)
           Increase (decrease) in the APBO                             241,040        (210,594)


        The following is a statement of the funded status as of March 31:

                                                                      <u>2003</u>           <u>2002</u>
                         Funded status                               $(2,286,750)    $  (758,162)
                         Unrecognized net acturial loss (gain)      <u>   1,055,873         (16,711)</u>
                         Accrued benefit liability                   $(1,230,877)    $  (774,873)
                                                                    =============================

        The Company used the following actuarial assumptions to account for this postretirement benefit plan:

                                                        <u>2003</u>           <u>2002</u>           <u>2001</u>

               Weighted average discount rate           6.50%          7.50%          7.50%
               Assumed healthcare cost trend rate (1)   9.75%          6.50%          6.50%

        (1)  Trend rates were assumed to reduce until 2011 when an ultimate rate of 4.25% is reached.



<b>(13)    Earnings Per Share</b>

        The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share:

                                                               2003               2002               2001
        Numerator:
          Income (loss) before cumulative effect of
            change in method of accounting for
            maintenance                                   $ (24,853,800)       $16,549,990        $54,867,773
          Cumulative effect of change in method
            of accounting for naintenance               <u>     2,010,672               -                  -     </u>
          Net income (loss)                               $ (22,843,128)       $16,549,990        $54,867,773
                                                        ======================================================

        Denominator:
          Weighted average shares outstanding,
            basic                                            29,619,742         28,603,861         27,152,099
          Dilutive effect of employee stock options                -               911,289          1,260,094
          Dilutive effect of warrants                   <u>           -                  -               430,590 </u>

          Adjusted weighted-average shares
            outstanding, diluted                             29,619,742         29,515,150         28,842,783
                                                        ======================================================

        Basic earnings (loss) per share:
          Income (loss) before cumulative
            effect of change in method of
            accounting for maintenance                    $       (0.84)       $      0.58         $     2.02
          Cumulative effect of change in
            method of accounting for
            maintenance                                            0.07                  -                  -
                                                        <u>                                                      </u>

            Basic earnings (loss) per share               $       (0.77)       $      0.58         $     2.02
                                                        ======================================================

        Diluted earnings (loss) per share:
          Income (loss) before cumulative
            effect of change in method of
            accounting for maintenance                    $       (0.84)       $      0.56         $     1.90
          Cumulative effect of change in method
            of accounting for maintenance                          0.07                  -                  -
                                                        <u>                                                      </u>
            Diluted earnings (loss) per share             $       (0.77)       $      0.56         $     1.90
                                                        ======================================================

        For the years  ending  March 31, 2002 and 2001,  the Company has excluded  from its  calculations  of
        diluted  earnings per share,  326,800 and 97,500 options and warrants,  with exercise  prices ranging
        from  $15.14 to  $24.17,  and $15.19 to  $24.17,  respectively,  because  the  exercise  price of the
        options and warrants was less than the average  market price of the common shares for the  respective
        year.  All  outstanding  options and warrants  were  excluded  from the  calculation  of earnings per
        share for the year ended March 31, 2003 since the effect was anti-dilutive.

<b>(14)    Concentration of Credit Risk</b>

        The Company does not believe it is subject to any significant  concentration  of credit risk relating
        to receivables.  At March 31, 2003 and 2002, 68.4% and 64.9% of the Company's  receivables  relate to
        tickets  sold to  individual  passengers  through  the use of major  credit  cards,  travel  agencies
        approved  by the  Airlines  Reporting  Corporation,  tickets  sold  by  other  airlines  and  used by
        passengers on Company  flights,  the United States Postal Service,  and the Internal Revenue Service.
        Receivables  related to tickets sold are  short-term,  generally  being settled shortly after sale or
        in the month following ticket usage.

<b>(15)   Commitments and Contingencies</b>

        From time to time,  we are engaged in routine  litigation  incidental  to our  business.  The Company
        believes there are no legal  proceedings  pending in which the  Company is a party or of which any of
        our  property  may be subject to that are not adequately covered by  insurance  maintained  by us, or
        which,  if adversely  decided,  would have a material  adverse  affect upon our business or financial
        condition.

        In March 2000, the Company entered into an agreement with AVSA,  S.A.R.L.,  as subsequently  amended,
        to  purchase  up to 31 new Airbus  aircraft.  During the years  ended  March 31,  2003 and 2002,  the
        Company took delivery of nine and three of these  aircraft,  respectively.  As of March 31, 2003, the
        Company has remaining firm purchase  commitments  for six additional  aircraft which are scheduled to
        be delivered in calendar  years 2003 through  2005.  Under the terms of the purchase  agreement,  the
        Company is required to make scheduled pre-delivery  payments.  These payments are non-refundable with
        certain  exceptions.  As of March 31,  2003,  the Company  has made  pre-delivery  payments  totaling
        $30,531,894 to secure these aircraft and option  aircraft.  Pre-delivery  payments due in fiscal year
        2004  approximate  $8,724,175.  The balance of the total purchase price must be paid upon delivery of
        each  aircraft.  In order to complete the purchase of these  aircraft,  it will be necessary  for the
        Company  to secure  financing.  The  amount  of  financing  required  will  depend  on the  number of
        aircraft  purchase  options  exercised  and the  amount  of cash  generated  by  operations  prior to
        delivery of the  aircraft.  As of March 31,  2003,  the Company has  arranged  financing  for four of
        these aircraft.

        In October 2002 we entered  into a purchase and  long-term  services  agreement  with LiveTV to bring
        DIRECTV  AIRBORNE(TM)satellite  programming  to every  seatback in our Airbus fleet.  We completed the
        installation  of the LiveTV  system on all Airbus  aircraft  in our fleet in February  2003.  We have
        agreed to the  purchase of 46 units of the  hardware,  however,  we have the option to cancel up to a
        total of 14 units by  providing  written  notice of  cancellation  at least 12 months in  advance  of
        installation.

        The  aggregate  additional  amounts due under this  purchase  commitment  and  estimated  amounts for
        buyer-furnished  equipment,  spare parts for both the purchased and leased  aircraft and to equip the
        aircraft with LiveTV was approximately $145,619,000 at March 31, 2003.





<b>(16)    Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)</b>

                                                 First          Second            Third           Fourth
                                                Quarter (1)     Quarter (1)      Quarter (1)      Quarter
        <u>2003</u>
         Revenues                              $ 111,812,407   $ 119,354,524    $ 120,253,288    $ 118,515,696
                                             =============== ================ ================ ================
        Operating                             $ 114,910,166   $ 122,557,105    $ 126,608,444    $ 136,484,109
        Expenses                             =============== ================ ================ ================
        Loss before cumulative effect of
          change in accounting principle      $  (2,472,421)  $  (3,054,494)   $  (6,367,833    $ (12,959,052)
        Cumulative effect of change in
          method of accounting for
          maintenance                        <u>     2,010,672            -                -                -  </u>
        Net loss                              $     461,749   $  (3,054,494)   $  (6,367,833)   $ (12,959,052)                                                          $ (461,749)
                                             =============== ================ ================ ================

        Basic loss per share:
          Loss before cumulative
            effect of change in
            accounting principle              $       (0.08)  $       (0.10)   $       (0.21)   $       (0.44)
         Cumulative effect of change in
           method of accounting for
           maintenance                                 0.07               -                -                -
                                             <u>                                                               </u>
        Basic loss per share                  $       (0.01)  $       (0.10)   $       ( .21)   $       (0.44)
                                             =============== ================ ================ ================

        Diluted loss per share:
          Loss before cumulative
            effect of change in
            accounting principle              $       (0.08)          (0.10)           ( .21)           (0.44)

          Cumulative effect of change in
            method of accounting for
            maintenance                                0.07               -                -                -
                                             <u>                                                               </u>
          Diluted loss per share              $       (0.01)          (0.10)           ( .21)           (0.44)
                                             =============== ================ ================ ================


        <u>2002</u>

        Revenues                              $ 123,316,357   $ 116,006,211    $   92,556,856   $ 113,195,301
                                             =============== ================ ================ ================
        Operating Expenses                    $ 112,010,797   $ 114,035,857    $   95,849,342   $ 106,793,009
                                             =============== ================ ================ ================
        Net income                            $   7,739,597   $   7,278,583    $      908,623   $     623,187
                                             =============== ================ ================ ================

        Earnings per share:
          Basic                               $        0.27            0.26             0.03             0.02
                                             =============== ================ ================ ================
          Diluted                             $        0.26            0.24             0.03             0.02
                                             =============== ================ ================ ================

 (1)    Income  before  the  cumulative  effect of the  change in the method of  accounting  for  maintenance
        for the first,  second,  and third  quarters of the year ended March 31, 2003 differs from the amount
        previously  reported  on Form  10-Q by  $463,151,  $933,182,  and  ($202,221),  respectively, because
        the change in method of  accounting  for  maintenance was applied  retroactively  to April 1, 2002
        (Note 1).




</PRE>
</body>
</html>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex1013b.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED CODESHARE
<TEXT>
<html>
<head>
<title>Frontier Airlines, Inc 10-K</title>
</head>
<body>
<PRE>
                                          <b>EXHIBIT 10.13(b)

     PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE
     SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION IN A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST
     UNDER RULE 24b-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. THE
     SYMBOL "[***]" IN THIS EXHIBIT INDICATES THAT INFORMATION HAS BEEN OMITTED.</b>



                                          <b>AMENDMENT NO.2 TO
                                         CODESHARE AGREEMENT</b>

         This Amendment No. 2 (the "Amendment") is made and entered into as of
August 1, 2002 (the "Effective Date"), by and between Frontier Airlines, Inc.
("Frontier'"), a corporation organized under the laws of Colorado, and Mesa
Airlines, Inc. ("Mesa"), a corporation organized under the laws of Nevada,

<b>RECITALS:</b>

         A.       Mesa and Frontier have entered into a Codeshare Agreement,
                  dated as of September 4, 2001 (the "Codeshare Agreement").
                  All capitalized terms used in this Amendment, but not defined
                  herein, shall have the meaning given to such terms in the
                  Codeshare Agreement.

         B.       Both Mesa and Frontier recognize the importance of maintaining
                  high levels of service in order to attract and retain passengers.

         C.       One such way to attract and retain passengers is to operate the
                  scheduled flights and do so on-time.

<b>DEFINITIONS:</b>

         A.       Completion Benchmark: Frontier Airlines' completion rate for its
                  network-wide operations during the same month it is used to benchmark
                  Mesa's performance.

         B.       On-time Benchmark: Frontier Airlines' on-time departure performance
                  rate for its network-wide operations during the same month it is
                  used to benchmark Mesa's performance.  An on-time departure is when
                  an aircraft leaves the gate between zero to fifteen minutes after
                  scheduled departure, otherwise the departure is not considered on-time.

         C.       Incentive Penalty:  The amount to be paid as a penalty for the
                  difference between the actual number of flights completed or
                  performed on time and the Completion or the On-time Benchmarks.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the recitals and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, Mesa
and Frontier agree to amend the Codeshare Agreement by adding the following subsection
as follows:

     14.2 (d)     Fees will be assessed to incentivise Mesa to operate those flights
                  marketed under the Frontier Airlines (F9) code in a manner equal
                  or exceeding the performance of Frontier Airlines' operations.
                  Mesa shall be penalized if performance falls below either the
                  Completion Benchmark or the On-time Benchmark for any given month.

         1.       Determination of number of flights to be penalized.

         a)       In order to determine if Mesa flights fall below the completion
                  levels required by the Codeshare Agreement, Frontier will first
                  multiply the Completion Benchmark by the total number of Mesa
                  scheduled departures for the month, then subtract the number of
                  Mesa flights operated during the month. If the result is a positive
                  number, this is the number of flights to be penalized for failing
                  to meet the completion performance requirements (see example in
                  section l (c)).

         b)       In order to determine if Mesa flights fall below the on-time levels
                  required by the Codeshare Agreement, Frontier will first multiply
                  the On-time Benchmark by the total number of Mesa scheduled departures
                  for the month then subtract the number of Mesa flights operated
                  on-time during the month, If the result is a positive number, this is
                  the number of flights to be penalized for failing to meet the on-time
                  performance requirements (see example in section 1 (c)).

         c)       Sample Calculations

                  1.        By way of illustration, the following is a sample Completion
                  Penalty Calculation.  If, for example, in the month of August, Frontier
                  completes 98% of its flights, the Completion Benchmark for August is 98%.
                  Further, if Mesa has scheduled 758 flights for that month, it needs to
                  complete a minimum of 743 flights to meet the Completion Benchmark.
                  If Mesa completes only 730 flights during the month of August, it will
                  pay an Incentive Penalty for the thirteen flights it failed to complete.

                  2.       By way of illustration, the following is a sample On-time
                  Penalty Calculation. If, for example, in the month of August, Frontier
                  performs 88% of its flights on-time, the On-time Benchmark for August
                  is 88%. Further, if Mesa has scheduled 758 flights for that month, it
                  needs to complete a minimum of 667 flights on-time in order to meet the
                  On-time Benchmark.  If Mesa completes only 567 flights on-time during
                  the month of August it will pay an Incentive Penalty for the one hundred
                  flights it failed to complete on-time.

         2.       Penalty fees

         a)       For each flight below the Completion Benchmark, Mesa shall pay Frontier
                  $[***]. This penalty will double for each consecutive month Mesa fails
                  to meet the Completion Benchmark.

         b)       For each flight below the On-time Benchmark, Mesa shall pay Frontier
                  $[***].  This penalty will double for each consecutive month Mesa fails
                  to meet the On-Time Benchmark.

         c)       The maximum fine for each month will not exceed $[***].

         d)       In the event that Mesa's completion rate exceeds the Completion Benchmark
                  by [***] or more percentage points and Mesa's on-time performance exceeds
                  the On-Time Benchmark by [***] or more percentage points in the same month,
                  Frontier will pay Mesa [***].

         3.       Settlement of Penalty Fees

         a)       Penalties are only to be paid if Mesa falls below the benchmark performance
                  set by Frontier Airlines.

         b)       Mesa is to pay any penalties for performance which drops below the
                  benchmark requirements within 30 days of receipt of Frontier's notice
                  informing Mesa that it failed to meet the benchmark.  Frontier is to
                  pay any penalties as described in section 2d within 30 days after
                  completing the benchmark review.  Frontier will complete a benchmark
                  review at least once every six months.

         4.       Exchange of Performance data.

         Frontier and Mesa are to exchange performance figures weekly relative to their
         performance, and specifically for the percentage of departures leaving on-time
         within 15 minutes of schedule and percentage of scheduled flights departed.

         5.       This Amendment shall be in full force and effect during the entire
         term of the Codeshare Agreement.


MESA AIRLINES, INC.


By: /s/
Name:  Mike Lotz
Title: President


FRONTIER AIRLINES, INC.


By: /s/
Name: Sean Menke
Title: V.P. Marketing and Planning



</PRE>
</body>
</html>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex1013c.htm
<DESCRIPTION>MESA LETTER AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<html>
<head>
<title>Frontier Airlines, Inc 10-K</title>
</head>
<body>
<PRE>
                                    <b>EXHIBIT 10.13(c)

  PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES
  AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION IN A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST UNDER RULE 24b-2 OF THE
    SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. THE SYMBOL "[***]" IN THIS EXHIBIT
                      INDICATES THAT INFORMATION HAS BEEN OMITTED.</b>




February 1, 2003

Jeff Potter
Chief Executive Officer
FRONTIER AIRLINES, INC.
Frontier Center One
7001 Tower Road
Denver, CO 80249- 7312

Re:      Letter Agreement No.1
         Mesa Air Group, Inc./Frontier Airlines, Inc.
         Regional Jet Code Share Agreement

Dear Jeff:

The following Letter Agreement No. 1 ("Letter Agreement") modifies and amends terms
and conditions pursuant to which Mesa Air Group, Inc. ("Mesa") operates aircraft in
service for Frontier Airlines, Inc. ("Frontier") under that certain Code Share
Agreement dated September 4, 2001, as amended (the "Code Share Agreement") between the
parties.

This Letter Agreement, when agreed and executed by Mesa and Frontier, will evidence
our further agreement with respect to the matters set forth below.

Should there be any inconsistency between this Letter Agreement and the Code Share
Agreement with respect to the subject matter covered by the terms hereof, then this
Letter Agreement shall prevail.
The parties intend to transition from a prorate-based compensation method to a
"revenue guarantee" compensation method. The parties expressly recognize that certain
provisions contained in the Code Share Agreement are no longer applicable in light of
this new methodology, and that the Code Share Agreement shall be reasonably construed
in light of the new payment calculations and party responsibilities as defined herein.
The parties expressly adopt the following:  Article 16 -Indemnification; Article 17
- -Insurance; 18.1 Taxes; Article 19 -Force Majeure; all other provisions shall be
reasonably construed in light of this Letter Agreement.

Mesa and Frontier may execute this Letter Agreement in counterparts, including by
facsimile transmission, each of which will constitute one and the same document.

All terms not defined herein shall have the same meanings as those set forth in the
Code Share Agreement.

<u>Number and
Type of Aircraft</u>           Four (4) CRJ-200 (the "Aircraft") currently operating under
                           the Code Share Agreement, dated as of September 4, 2001, as
                           amended.

<u>Aircraft Utilization</u>       Aircraft shall be scheduled, taking into account heavy
                           scheduled maintenance requirements.

<u>Term</u>                       This Letter Agreement will continue in effect until August
                           1, 2003 unless, at least sixty (60) days prior to August 1,
                           2003, the parties enter into a mutually acceptable amendment.

<u>Compensation</u>               (1) Fixed and Variable Costs. Frontier shall pay Mesa the
                           fixed and variable costs set forth in Exhibit A.
                           (2) Pass-though Costs. Frontier shall reimburse Mesa's
                           expenses for the pass-though costs listed on Exhibit A.
                           (3) Profit. A base profit margin of [***] percent shall be
                           paid on all such fixed, variable and pass-through costs (the
                           "Base Profit").

<u>Payments</u>                   (1) Frontier shall pay Mesa monthly, in advance, the
                           estimated amount of the fixed and variable costs, Base
                           Profit and pass-through costs based on the pro rata monthly
                           share of fixed costs together with Mesa's good faith
                           estimate of variable costs based on Frontier's scheduled
                           block hours and departures for such month (the "Estimated
                           Payment").
                           (2) Within ninety (90) days of the end of each month,
                           Frontier and Mesa shall adjust the Estimated Payment to
                           account for actual block hours flown and actual pass-though
                           costs (the "Adjusted Payment").

<u>Mesa Responsibilities</u>      Mesa will at all times have operational control of the
                           Aircraft. Mesa will comply with all laws applicable to Mesa
                           as a U.S. air carrier, including, specifically, DOT and FAA
                           regulations. Mesa will provide all flight crews and
                           associated training. Mesa will be responsible for the
                           maintenance of the aircraft. Mesa will be responsible for
                           ground handling and station functions as agreed to by the
                           parties. Mesa will keep all books and records reasonably
                           necessary for accounting of the Code Share Agreement.

<u>Frontier
Responsibilities</u>           Frontier will be responsible for scheduling, reservations,
                           marketing, ticketing and all matters related to customer
                           handling and customer service, including all DOT required
                           consumer and holding out responsibilities (except those
                           station customer handling functions specifically already
                           performed by Mesa) and Frontier will perform the ground,
                           baggage and ramp handling services at all other locations.
                           All schedules under this Letter Agreement shall be
                           consistent with prior Mesa schedules and industry practices.
                           Frontier shall provide Mesa with sixty (60) days advance
                           notice of any schedule changes.

<u>Independent Contractor</u>     Mesa is and will act as an independent contractor for all
                           purposes under the Code Share Agreement and is not an agent
                           of Frontier. Frontier shall have no supervisory power or
                           control over the employees, agent of independent contractors
                           of Mesa.

<u>Assignment</u>                 None of the rights or obligations established by the Code
                           Share Agreement may be assigned in whole or in part without
                           the prior written consent of the other party; <u>provided</u>
                           <u>however</u>, that either party may assign its rights and
                           obligations to a wholly owned subsidiary or a successor
                           company though merger, asset sale, reorganization in
                           bankruptcy, or other operation of law.

<u>Termination</u>
<u>for Default</u>                A) Mesa may terminate the Code Share Agreement immediately
                           if: (1) Frontier shall fail to make any payment when due;
                           (2) Frontier shall cease operating as an airline or have its
                           air carrier certificate(s) revoked, (3) Frontier shall fail
                           to perform any other obligation under the Code Share
                           Agreement which shall continue for thirty days after written
                           notice thereof by Mesa, or (4) in the event of (i) the
                           voluntary dissolution or liquidation of Frontier or (ii)
                           Frontier shall become insolvent, or (iii) Frontier shall
                           make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iv)
                           Frontier shall consent to the appointment of a trustee or
                           receiver for all or a substantial portion of its business,
                           or (v) the institution by or against Frontier of bankruptcy
                           reorganization or insolvency proceedings, and, with respect
                           to any involuntary case, shall not be dismissed, bonded or
                           discharged within sixty (60) days.

                           B) Frontier may terminate the Code Share Agreement
                           immediately if: (1) Mesa shall fail to maintain the required
                           insurances, (2) Mesa shall cease operating as an airline or
                           have its air carrier certificate(s) revoked, (3) Mesa shall
                           fail to perform any other obligation under the Code Share
                           Agreement which shall continue for thirty days after written
                           notice thereof by Frontier, or (4) in the event of (i) the
                           voluntary dissolution or liquidation of Mesa or (ii) Mesa
                           shall become insolvent, (iii) Mesa shall make an assignment
                           for the benefit of creditors, (iv) Mesa shall consent to the
                           appointment of a trustee or receiver for all or a
                           substantial portion of its business, or (v) the institution
                           by or against Mesa of bankruptcy reorganization or
                           insolvency proceedings, and, with respect to any involuntary
                           case, shall not be dismissed, bonded or discharged within
                           sixty (60) days.

If the foregoing terms are acceptable to Frontier, please have a designated
representative execute this letter in the space provided below.


MESA AIR GROUP, INC.                        FRONTIER AIRLINES, INC.

/s/                                         /s/

By: Michael Lotz                            By: Jeff Potter
Title: President                            Title: Chief Executive Officer



<PAGE>


                                       EXHIBIT A

[***]

</PRE>
</body>
</html>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex103a.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SPACE & USE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<html>
<head>
<title>Frontier Airlines, Inc 10-K</title>
</head>
<body>
<PRE>
                                     <b>EXHIBIT NO. 10.3(a)

   PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND
 EXCHANGE COMMISSION IN A CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST UNDER RULE 24b-2 OF THE SECURITIES
     EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. THE SYMBOL "[***]" IN THIS EXHIBIT INDICATES THAT
                                INFORMATION HAS BEEN OMITTED.

                         SECOND AMENDMENT to SPACE and USE AGREEMENT</b>

This Second Amendment to the Space and Use Agreement dated January 1, 1999, as amended by
that certain Amendment to Space and Use Agreement dated as of January 15, 1999 (the
"Agreement"), is entered into as of the 1st day of March 2002 between CONTINENTAL AIRLINES,
INC. ("CONTINENTAL ") and FRONTIER AIRLINES, INC. ("COMPANY").

The parties wish to amend the terms of the Agreement to adjust the subleased square
footage, to add the amount of subleased space, and to increase the rental as herein
provided.

The parties hereby agree to amend the Space and Use Agreement as follows:

1.       Section 2 "COMPANY" and Section 8 "NOTICE" shall restate COMPANY'S address and
         phone number as follows: Frontier Airlines, Inc., Frontier Center One, 7001 Tower
         Road, Denver, CO 80249-7312. Phone number (720) 374-4375.

2.       Section 3 "DESCRIPTION OF PREMISES", as amended, is deleted and replaced with the
         following: "Certain maintenance hangar space (approximately 107,289 sq. ft.)
         within the Denver International Airport, being more fully described on EXHIBIT 1,
         attached hereto and made a part of, as well as reasonable rights of ingress and
         egress."

3.       Section 4 "USE OF PREMISES" is deleted and replaced with the following: COMPANY is
         hereby granted the right to use the PREMISES, in accordance with the terms and
         conditions stated herein, for the following purposes: Preferential use of the
         PREMISES on EXHIBIT 1 listed as "FAL" for the purpose of maintenance space in
         accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and for no other
         purpose. COMPANY is permitted the common use of PREMISES on EXHIBIT 1 listed as
         'JOINT' and a pro-rata share of apron space. CONTINENTAL reserves the secondary
         use (which use shall be reasonably determined by COMPANY and CONTINENTAL regarding
         the present or future availability of subleased space) of COMPANY's subleased
         hangar bay and apron space as well as reasonable rights of ingress and egress at
         no expense to CONTINENTAL.

4.       Section 6 "CONSIDERATION/RENTAL", as amended, shall replace the current annual
         payment amount with the schedule of payment provided in EXHIBIT 2, as of June 1,
         2002.

5.       Section 7 "TERM" is amended to continue through February 28, 2007, subject to
         earlier termination as herein provided and to cancellation by either party without
         cause upon eighteen (18) months prior written notice.

<PAGE>


6.       Section 9 "SECURITY DEPOSIT" shall require an amount equal to one (1) month's
         rental obligation by COMPANY.

7.       Section 30 (D) "ENVIRONMENTAL OPERATIONS" shall change CONTINENTAL'S address for
         notice to: Continental Airlines, Inc., Environmental Affairs, Floor 33, 1600 Smith
         Street, Houston, TX 77019.

8.       All other terms of the Agreement and Second Amendment to Space and Use Agreement
         remain in full force and effect.

9.       CONTINENTAL and COMPANY agree that, from and after the date of this Second
         Amendment, that certain Space and Use Agreement between them dated effective as of
         April 7, 2000 shall no longer apply to the space covered thereunder and the terms
         of the Space and Use Agreement dated as of January 1,1999, as amended by that
         certain Amendment to Space and Use Agreement dated January 15, 1999 and as further
         amended by this Second Amendment, shall control and govern the rights and duties
         of the parties in respect of such space, with the result being the same as if all
         such space were originally leased pursuant to the agreement that is being further
         amended by this Second Amendment.

10.      This Second Amendment to Space and Use Agreement is subject to the consent of the
         City and County of Denver.


CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC.                           FRONTIER AIRLINES, INC.


BY:                                                  BY:
TITLE:                                               TITLE:
DATE:                                                DATE:

CITY AND COUNTY OF DENVER


BY:
TITLE:
DATE:


<PAGE>


CO/F9. Second Amendment. EXHIBIT 2           3/14/2002

Bay floor size                                       % of Joint Space Sq. Ft. =  % of Bay
Area
F9  2 Bays = 61,059 SF                               F9 = [***]%
All 3 Bays = 89,124.8 SF                             CAL =[***]%

Adjusted F9 space allocation                         Continental MX Hangar Rental
Obligation
F9#1        70,933.7 (sublease #1 as amended;        2002 Debt Service $[***]
F9#2 (old)  18,297.2  terminated sublease #2)        2002 Ground Rent  $[***]
F9 revised 89,230.9                                                    $[***]
F9 new 4,453.7
F9 joint 13,604.4                                    Direct Pass-through rate for
MX hangar costs
F9 total 107,289.0                                   2002     rate/sq.ft./year  $[***]

Total Hangar square feet 153,786.0

Second Amendment Rates [Subsidy number based on total F9 cost that would be borne by F9 at
pass through rental rate for debt and land.]

[***]


</PRE>
</body>
</html>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-18
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>preferabilityletter.htm
<DESCRIPTION>KPMG PREF LETTER
<TEXT>
<html>
<head>
<title>Frontier Airlines, Inc 10-K</title>
</head>
<body>
<PRE>
June 26, 2003


Frontier Airlines, Inc.
Denver, Colorado

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have audited the balance sheets of Frontier  Airlines,  Inc. (the Company) as of
March 31, 2003 and 2002, and the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity,
and cash  flows for each of the years in the  three-year period ended March 31, 2003,
and have  reported  thereon  under date of May 22, 2003.  The  aforementioned  financial
statements  and our audit report  thereon are included in the Company's  annual report on
Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2003. As stated in note 1 to those financial statements,
the Company changed its method of accounting for the cost of major overhaul maintenance
activities from the accrual method of accounting to the direct-expense  method and states
that the newly adopted accounting  principle is preferable in the circumstances. Under the
new accounting method, maintenance costs are recognized as expense as maintenance services
are performed and as flight hours are flown for nonrefundable maintenance payments required
by lease  agreements.  Also, as stated in note 1, the Company believes the newly adopted
accounting  principle is preferable in the circumstances  because the maintenance  expense
is not recorded until there is an obligating  event (when the maintenance  event is actually
being performed or flight hours are actually flown),  the direct expense method eliminates
significant  estimates and judgments  inherent under the accrual method,  and it is the
predominant  method used in the airline industry.  In accordance with your request, we have
reviewed and discussed with Company officials the circumstances, business judgment, and
planning upon which the decision to make this change in the method of accounting was based.

With regard to the aforementioned  accounting change,  authoritative criteria have not been
established for evaluating the  preferability of one acceptable method of accounting over
another  acceptable  method.  However,  for purposes of the Company's  compliance  with the
requirements  of the Securities and Exchange  Commission,  we are furnishing this letter.

Based on our review and discussion,  with reliance on management's  business judgment and
planning, we concur that the newly adopted method of accounting is preferable in the
Company's circumstances.

Very truly yours,

<b>KPMG LLP</b>


</PRE>
</body>
</html>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>auditorconsent.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AUDITOR CONSENT
<TEXT>
<html>
<head>
<title>Frontier Airlines, Inc 10-K</title>
</head>
<body>
<PRE>
                         <b>Independent Auditors' Consent</b>

The Board of Directors
Frontier Airlines, Inc.:

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements Nos.
333-13333,  333-31389,  333-42746,  and 333-83811 on Forms S-8, and registration
statement No. 333-86256 on Form S-3, of Frontier Airlines,  Inc. of our report
dated May 22, 2003,  with respect to the balance  sheets of Frontier  Airlines,
Inc. as of March 31, 2003 and 2002, and the related  statements of  operations,
stockholders'  equity,  and cash flows for each of the years in the  three-year
period  ended  March 31,  2003,  which  report  appears in the March 31,  2003
annual  report on Form 10-K of  Frontier Airlines, Inc.

Our report refers to a change in accounting for aircraft maintenance check from
the  accrual  method of accounting to the direct expense method in costs.


<b>KPMG LLP</b>

Denver, Colorado
June 26, 2003



</PRE>
</body>
</html>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex99a.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRES CERTIFICATION
<TEXT>
<html>
<head>
<title> Frontier Airlines, Inc 10q </title>
</head>
<body>
<PRE>
                                <b>Exhibit 99.1

                         CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
                          18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
                           AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
               SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002</b>

In connection  with the  Quarterly  Report of Frontier  Airlines,  Inc. (the
&#147;Company&#148;)  on Form 10-K for the period  ending  March 31, 2003 as filed
with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  on the  date  hereof  (the
&#147;Report&#148;),  I. Jeffery S. Potter,  President and Chief Executive  Officer of
the Company,  certify,  pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350, as adopted pursuant to
&sect; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

(1)      The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 12(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2)      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.


/s/ Jeffery S. Potter





</PRE>
</body>
</html>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex99b.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CFO CERTIFICATION
<TEXT>
<html>
<head>
<title> Frontier Airlines, Inc 10q </title>
</head>
<body>
<PRE>
                                <b>Exhibit 99.2

                         CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
                          18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
                           AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
               SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002</b>

In connection  with the  Quarterly  Report of Frontier  Airlines,  Inc. (the
&#147;Company&#148;)  on Form 10-K for the period  ending  March 31, 2003 as filed
with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  on the  date  hereof  (the
&#147;Report&#148;),  I.  Paul  H.  Tate,  Chief  Financial  Officer  of the  Company,
certify,  pursuant to 18 U.S.C.&sect;1350, as adopted  pursuant to &sect;906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

(1)      The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 12(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2)      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.


/s/ Paul H. Tate





</PRE>
</body>
</html>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
